Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session.   [Operator Instructions].   First question comes from James Wicklund with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.    Good morning, guys. Fabulous quarter.    Thanks, Jim.    The difference between your increase in revenues and increase in margins, is that third party or increased costs? Can you tell us what the actual day rate improvement was and what your cost increase was?    John, you want to handle that?    Sure, I think that it is in the tables, Jim, but     I'm sorry, I'm in San Francisco today. I came to listen to Marshall talk. I'm going to try to give religion.    $800 a day round numbers increase in revenue per day and about a $200 increase in cost per day     What was that cost that increased cost?    A combination of factors. As you know from the monthly rig reports, we experienced a fair amount of rain in the quarter, which means that you have crews sitting waiting to move. It was, as I recall, about nine rigs in November and several rigs in October. So that would be one factor and another is some labor costs are going up and terms of the way we schedule people to have enough people to work the increased rigs. That would be the primary thing.    Moving your mobilization costs on rigs from $60,000 to $120,000, will that help offset some of that going forward or if the weather was the same or can you talk about those price increases and what impact that is having, where that falls on your income statement?    I am not  could you give the beginning of the question again, I am not sure     Yes,  before you used to charge $60,000 for a mob and it is a $120,000 for a move?    It depends on how far it is moving, Jim. We didn't just go up and double the price on the same move, did we?    Yes, pretty much, but then you raised your day rate from 10 to 12 - like I said, good quarter guys.    I am just curious I know where the day rate part goes. I'm just curious as to where in your revenues or how your business is doing, I guess, Cloyce, from the trucking side ?    Trucking is doing well and we need more trucks. Because of the shortage of trucks, we have rigs waiting on trucks in all areas all the time and we are trying to help that problem by adding additional trucks, but it takes time and a lot of money. And that is the reason that we have to go up on the day rates that we charge on moving because on new tandems by the time you get in the field it over $200,000 and you got to pay for that stuff.    Don't get me wrong. We took the rig. So the prices are going through.    Jim, your question on location, trucking is part of average revenue per day. That's the  that's the day rate you are charging your contract and then the average revenue per day reported. In effect, disconnect there relates to trucking and any other items that are reimbursable for the customer and that difference is primarily mobilization cost.    That helps knowing those margins are at least, you know, probably keeping pace.    One of your competitors announced on their conference call that in the first quarter, they have payroll taxes and property taxes and they would expect that their day rate would still increase significantly, but the costs may go up $150 to $200 a day just for the first quarter. Do you guys see that in your business?    We estimate the impact from FICA that occurs at the beginning of the year to be more like $50 or $60. There's no other first quarter piece that I'm aware of that would have that kind of impact on us. On the other hand, I think a few costs per day will go down quarter to quarter from the fourth. So I think our guess is costs per day will be very similar to the fourth quarter and if there were any additional increases it would likely relate to field payroll, which if that occur, we think we could pass that along through higher day rates. So, in effect, I guess Mark's comment about the average revenues per day going on to the $12,000 or more, we would think that increase in effect would all drop to the bottom as to increased margin.    Okay gentlemen, I appreciate it. I will let other people ask.    Thank you. Our next question comes from Kurt Halleed RBC, please go ahead.    Good morning.    Hi, Kurt.    The selection has finally arrived?    We think so.    Did I hear you correctly say the bulk of the $800 a day rate increase in the first quarter may drop to the bottom line?    That would be our guess.    Thanks. I don't know if I have any other questions. Looks like the market has finally come around for you. In terms of the use of cash, you raised your dividend here again after instituting one last year. Dividend versus share repurchase, how do you guys about that decision?    Kurt, we actively consider that on a regular quarterly basis with our board. As you know, we have a buyback in place. The buyback was instituted to be more opportunistic than to be a structured reduction in capital, but that is certainly under discussion at our board and something, which we will consider as the year progresses.    Then as we move forward into the second quarter with the drop off in the Canadian rig activity, I would image that has some impact on the pressure on margins sequentially. Do you think the US market is strong enough now to offset completely the seasonal drop in Canada or would you expect margins to come down sequentially in the second quarter versus the first?    I think we would expect them to necessarily go down, but the rate of increase, we would expect to drop. Canada contributes about $200 a day on our overall margin, and when you get to the second quarter, it in effect becomes kind of a non-player because there are so few rigs running. So if you were otherwise thinking of, you know, first to second quarter, if you are expecting a $500 a day increase in the US then the Canadian impact would kind to mute it pull it back to $300 and of course when you get into the third quarter and Canadian rig activity goes up, you get a lot of that back. So, in effect, I guess, we would think that margin would go up first to second quarter just less than it would have been on the US.    Understood. And then, in terms of you said you are going to activate five rigs a quarter as long as demand warrants. Did I understand that correctly?    You did.    How are your market shares going up vis-à-vis, say, Neighbors when Neighbors is activating rigs about the same pace? How does that work?    We think that the only two players really that have significant capacity and ability to do that are ourselves and we understand Neighbors. But we know that we can do it. We don't know that anybody else and you know we can do it and we understand Neighbors can do it as well, but those are the two players.    Then in that context, what is your CapEx for the year?    CapEx for the year, you know it is clearly dependent on demand of our customers, you know, we look that every quarter. We have not looked up the first quarter at this point and the thought for first quarter is with bringing out five additional rigs with the total including the other businesses, EMP, pressure pumping, etc., would be about $50 million.    $50 million, just like a $200 million run rate for the year?    I guess that would depend on further demand could increase it.    Lastly, stock option expense. Could you give us an update on what's going to happen with that with you guys for the second half of the year?    Yes, we have looked at what is out there so far and accountants seem to be focussed on other matters right now, but our estimate of how it impacts us is $0.02 per share for the current year. That obviously will occur in the back half of the year. You know calculations driven by options as they vest and the board really, back in 2003 and again in 2004 and even larger scale effect moved from stock options to restricted stock and when you see our kind of quarterly G&amp;A numbers, they have been higher in that time period driven partly by the impact of the expense from restricted stock. Therefore, we have very little overhang at this point related employee stock options. Looking at 2006, I would guess for the year, it would again be about $0.02 per share.    Okay and then lastly, the re-activization cost for these rigs bring it out  cost per rig, what kind of cost per rig you are looking at?    About $3 million including drill strength.    Is that continuing to increase or fairly steady state?    It has been pretty steady versus last year with drill strength, etc.    How much more drill pipe do you need?    We will get back in the food chain and we will call the food chain a drill pipe and we are going to be ordering about 2,000 joints a month.    That is for our activation of our rigs and replacement of our real strength that we are wearing out with the number of rigs we have running.    Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys.    Thank you Kurt.    Thank you and our next question comes from Henrion Jerome with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please go ahead.    Good morning. Cloyce, I was wondering if you could give us some insight to what you are seeing in the Permian, the Rockies in south Texas in terms of activity and rates?    What we are seeing everywhere is a tremendous demand for our equipment. It does not matter, which area you pick and as I said, last year, it is continuing to increase and at this point, I have never seen the demand like it is. It is the day and I think it has a lot to do with a lot of the areas changing from the major oil companies to the larger independent oil companies where they are buying this, you know, buying production with development opportunities and it's not only in the Permian, but it is if the Rockies and Oklahoma. It is everywhere. I have never seen the demand for the equipment as it exists today and I think it has a lot to do with the higher commodity prices.   I think people are getting more comfortable with the high commodity prices and they believe they are going to stay there and probably the sensitivity that they are running on the economics is getting a little higher, so that makes us more, you know, more prospects are viable to drill with higher budgets, so we see tremendous demand in every area.    For the 20 years old rigs, you plan on reactivating this year, is there a particular market that you think that you will move the rigs to or it is just a kind of across the board everywhere?    I think what our salesmen say they are having to fight internally for the rigs because every area wants the rigs, both East Texas, South Texas and the Rockies, particularly the Pan Oklahoma and Texas are needing rigs, but we have them pretty much split up. We will move some in to the Rocky Mountains, some in to East Texas and a couple I think, I don't have that list,  we have an area projected for them all right now, but it certainly could change as the year goes by depending on where the greatest demand is.    Okay. Second question, pressure pumping. There is a larger at least than at least I expected seasonal decline in both jobs and margins. Now you are generating over a 30% return on capital so not all is bad, but I was wondering if what you are seeing in that side of the business?    Well, we are sort of seeing the decline that you are seeing, but a couple of things that we attributed to is part of the demand is still there. We have had a kind of a warm winter and when you get muddy roads in Pennsylvania, it is truly difficult to move and West Virginia. Another thing that we saw a couple of years ago that when the price of gas go high, nobody wanted to stop for anything, hunting season or holidays, I think people are more accustomed to the higher prices. They think they are going to be there for a while, so we are probably back to normal activity in the Appalachian Basin where they shutdown for hunting season and holidays and we didn't do that for a couple of years. But it is going back to more normal activity.    Okay, last question. CapEx plans for 2005, any indication there?    No, just what we said earlier. We look at it kind of quarter by quarter. Things can change in our business, demand could go up, and the guess for the first quarter would be about $50 million for all businesses including the reactivation of five rigs and then we will readdress that in April.    Okay, thanks guys. I appreciate it.    Thanks Henrion.    Our next question come from Jim Rollyson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.    Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Just a couple of questions, you talked about the rig reactivation program. What your usual running about 265 rigs right now and you are planning up putting out five a quarter, how may rigs, Cloyce or Mark, you think you guys you have that are stacked and that will fall into that $3 million a rig category and beyond that what do you do with the rest of the rigs?    Jim, we think we can continue to do this kind of measured approach for several years of bringing out this kind of 20 rigs and we think they could be the next 20 rigs a very high quality, significant horsepower rigs. I'm not going to get into too many specifics for competitive reasons but they are really first-class rigs that are perfectly situated and perfectly suitable to the activity level in the market and in fact, we can see doing that for two years or more without any hesitancy whatsoever and maybe even at an accelerated rate depending of course on what the market offers for us. So the assurance we do it that we can see ourselves going  you said 260, I feel more like we are running close to 280 rigs at this point because at any given point you are seeing account of 260 or 270 you are not seeing the rigs that are down for repairs, for weather, for all of those kinds of things that are really hard to in effect measure. So, 280 plus, in effect, 20 additional this year, 20 additional the following year, put us kind of at the 320 or more level. There are more rigs that we could then bring to the market, but we have not really gone out and looked past that, say, next 40. The one thing I would observe, Jim, and this kind of the way the world works, is that in a tight rig market customers find themselves accepting a rig that they might have said to us before they wouldn't have accepted. They will take an 800 horsepower where the year before they said they only could do the job with a 1000 horsepower. So the real interesting thing about is it is a moving target on, in effect, what number of rigs the market will absorb at any given point.    Highly confident in effect about the next, say, 40.    All right. In this business nobody has talked about, drilling and completion fluids, obviously offshore activity, globe lease, certainly strengthening in deep water activity strengthening. Your business seems to be strengthening, what is your outlook for that business in 2005?    Internally we are really just assuming it continues at the run rate of the third and fourth quarter.    So, same kind of margin and everything?    Yes, same kind of revenue.    It is clear Jim though as does the gulf goes, so does our business.    Last two, just housekeeping questions. SG&amp; A for 2005 with the fourth quarter kicking up and obviously Key, whatever increments you get from Key's rigs in the first quarter, what kind of run rate do you think G&amp;A is?    I guess, it would be similar to the fourth quarter and first around $9 million and then as we mentioned earlier, we moved to restricted stock, which has an impact on the G&amp;A number and second and third quarter, maybe those two bump up each to $9.5 million and then fourth quarter somewhere around $10 million. So our guess for the year will be somewhere around the$38 million mark.    All right and finally tax rate assumption for 2005?    We would use 37% as we saw this year and actually the prior year, it came in just a little below that and that may occur again in 2005, but the purposes of modeling our price 37% (indiscernible).    Great. Thanks guys.    Thank you.    Our next question from Geoff Kieburtz with Smith Barney. Please go ahead.    Thanks very much. Just to clarify on the comment made before on the 280 rigs Mark, is that the number of actual individual units that have been active in the past quarter?    To give you an example Geoff, the daily rig counts could be volatile due to moves, weather, and all the things Mark mentioned. You know, over the last, even in this current month, we are seeing rig counts on any individual day in the 270 to 275 range and I don't think we ever have a day where they are all running. So our guess would be right now, there are about 280 that are active, give or take two.    Okay, so we know what the average rig count was during the quarter or any given month but there's actually something on the order right now of 280 units that are worked over the recent past?    Yes, last few weeks.    We have 280 rigs that have crews.    That's exactly what I was looking for. Okay. Coming back to the revenue per day projection, I just wanted to understand, John, you talked about the second quarter about a $500 increase in the US being off set by $200 missing in Canada. Just want to make sure I wasn't misinterpreting that comment. Are you expecting the rate of the US day rate increase to moderate as you get into the second quarter?    Actually, that was intended to be an example. As with the past, we really try to look out one quarter and we feel like we have decent visibility that far out and leave it to the analysts to draw their conclusions about quarters beyond that. So the example was if you were assuming $500 in the US because the Canadian utilization drops off that would in effect offset some of the benefit and bring you back to $300. In that case, if you think that rates would move up $1,000 in the US in the second quarter then what we think we would ultimately put would $800 because of the Canadian impact. But I wasn't meaning to suggest a margin for that quarter.    That's why I wanted to ask the question. But let me take off from that. We have seen the revenue per day up $800 in this fourth quarter. You are giving a projection of $800 in the current quarter. With what Cloyce has said, I'm hard-pressed to think of any reason why that would slow down?    I don't think it's going to slow down. Certainly from what we are seeing and the demand that we are getting for our equipment, I would certainly would anticipate that as the day rate increases it will lend into our fleet it should show some increase because you know they don't just all go up the same day and they go job to job and at this point we have no time contracts, so it is a moving target.    Geoff, the other factor of course you know we are cost at 20% of the market, so there 80% of the market that is controlled by our competition and in any given day, our day rates are affected by what they do as well. So we can tell what you we see in terms of demand, but can't necessarily be too clear about the pricing.    Yes, I understand, but as you pointed out before, there's nobody else with any spare capacity or really one other major party with significant capacity, I think that's really all I had.    Thanks Geoff.    Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian McPherson with Simmons and Company. Please go ahead.    Good morning. Can you walk us through what amount of your reported active rigs in January and February to date reflect, the 25 active rigs from the Key acquisition?    Yes.    I mean are all 25 of them included or is there only a partial contribution from those at this point?    Well, certainly we own them all and they are all marketed. I didn't look in February to see how many on average the Key rigs were running. On any given day, it is somewhere around 20 to 24 of them. I know in January that the Patterson-UTI growth in US rigs was from 220 to 230 and that the Key contributed I believe was 11 or 12 to that. I did not, frankly looked at that for February. I only did for January because they are not all our rigs, marketed by our people, working at our contract rates under our methods, so it is not relevant to any more so for the month, we did happen to look at it, for the month of January, so we could help with that.    Do you see a significant sort of divergence in cash margins in terms of the way those rigs influence your overall cash margins in Q1 and then as you sort to progress into your own negotiated projects in Q2, how that might change or do you see that is not significant to overall cash margins?    I think it will be significant as we move them up to our what we call the Patterson standard. Certainly we had to finish some contracts that Key had made that were a little less than what we normally would charge in certain areas and I think you will see those switch over to our, you know, be equal to what we are charging the other customers in that area.    And that is ahead of us quickly, right?    Certainly it will start happening at the end of this first quarter and should be basically over what would be in the second quarter, be just like our rigs.    Ian, there is going to be some impact in the first quarter where in effect, our average will be muted somewhat by existing contracts we took over and completed. But we don't think that muting will continue into the second quarter.    Got you and then finally, the 10 remaining rigs that are not included in your active count from Key, are those, do you include those in that sort of pool of 40 that you are talking about that are reactivatable for around $3 million?    It is the pool. They are in the 396 total rigs of the rigs that we have identified to activate. None of them happened to be those 10. When those 10 might be reactivated, I don't know as mark indicated earlier, we look at that based on the demand of the market at the time we activate rigs. That makes sense.    Yes, in this part rigs and our people are just getting their hands around and handle along what they have got to do to the rigs, to put them out and none of the rigs that we have projected to come out this year are, none of them are the 10 that are Key stacked rigs.    Okay that is all I have. Thank you, guys.    Geoff, any other questions?    Yes, our next question is Pierre Conner with Hibernia South Coast Capital. Please go ahead.    Good morning everybody. I'm clearly with you on the demand exceeding the supply here for the rest of the year. My question then a little bit more on the supply side response, and you all discussed your availability to bring out competitors. Just your perspective on any other supply other than the spare capacity out of your or Neighbors stacked rigs, timing and/or economics. I would kind of get your thoughts on Cloyce if that you or the best person to address that.    I will be happy to talk a little bit about it. Certainly we don't see any economics to build a new rig at this point. Maybe some day, it will be. But itis certainly not on your radar screen yet, anywhere close, but as long as we can bring out rigs in the $3million range and new ones cost $10 million to $12 million when you get them in to the field, I don't think that would be a competitive thing to do in the foreseeable future. Certainly that could change. As far as other rigs coming out of the marketplace, certainly there will be a few scattered rigs, but it will be an insignificant number in comparison with the overall number of rigs working in the US today.    Okay. Cloyce, this is maybe more of a gut feel question, but from - you mentioned about where your customers see the price and the commodity and their opportunities. Do you sense a mix change in the risk profile of what they are drilling, i.e., is there more a shift away from development more into exploration or same mix?    I think there is a mix  in fact I would think it would be more development drilling than it is exploration drilling, if you believe the commodity prices or going to continue to stay high. I know I see rigs running in the oil fields that I have seen rigs running in there years. And I think it has to do with they know oil is in place and you can drill them down smaller spacing and if you get $45 a barrel for your oil it becomes economics. So I see a lot of that going on particularly in West Texas and I just think that you are going to still need more development  it unbelievable what becomes economic to drill when you have higher than $5 gas and higher than $40 will.    Got that. And the last one is around efficiency. Throughout this period, maybe the slower response has been efficiency gains with efficiencies, mod improvements, rig efficiencies, moving, etc. What do you see looking in the crystal ball on efficiency?    I think we are getting more efficient in all categories, rigs and I now think that the way that not only the MP Companies, but the drilling contractors have responded to this, long continuous up turn that started in March of 2002. It has allowed us to continue to be far more efficient than we were in the last upturns and you mentioned big technology and it is changing and it allows us to drill in areas where there's going to be thousands of wells drilled and the faster we can drill them for our customers the more economics  the less barrels it takes to pay for it with the higher commodity prices.    Got, creating more opportunity.    Exactly.    Very good. All the rest of them have been answered. I appreciate it and I will turn it back guys.    Thank you.    Our next question comes from Judd Bailey (ph) with Jefferies &amp; Company, Please go ahead.    Thank you. Good morning. Pretty much everything has been asked. Just one quick modeling question. What about a run rate or D&amp;A on a quarterly basis?    For depreciation? First quarter, I would guess somewhere around $34 million and then factor in CapEx estimate for the year would take it up some as the year progresses, I would guess the additional rigs being activated. For the year, somewhere maybe in the $150 million range.    Great. Thanks.    Thank you. Our next question comes from Miles Lich with Peters &amp; Company. Please go ahead.    Good morning, guys.    Good morning.    Just a quick question for you. Looking at where your average margins hit back in 2001, you were closer to about $4,600. What do you see? Do you see getting back to those levels in 2005? Do you see that in 2006 or do you exceed those numbers? Where is your head at on those?    Again, we tend to have not to look out beyond the current quarter. But based upon what we have said so far about the first quarter that would put us somewhere $4,700 a day or more. The peak margin one last time I had was about $5,700 or $5,800. We are dramatically off that, so if demand continues and pricing continues to move, we could eclipse that this year. But I don't think that we have a view on whether that will happen at this point in time.    So, things look pretty strong, I guess, in the US. Do you look on the Canadian side things have been running extremely strong for a year and a half or two years, we are obviously at a peak level right now. Do you look at further expansion in Canada or do you keep your fleet where is at?    I think we will always be considering the opportunities to have incremental rigs in Canada frankly. The issue for us is always which day rate we think will give us a superior return for our shareholders. Obviously we appreciate the fact that the Canadian day rates and margins are at this point ahead of US ones, but you have to of course take a slight discount for the fact that there's a seasonality to the Canadian operation that is not true for the US in terms of the break-up period. So, we are always making that evaluation and considering whether moving incremental rigs in Canada. As you know we put an additional rig there last year and we would certainly consider. That is about as much as I would like to say on this subject.    I guess another issue that crept up is as the rig count starts to push 1,300, 1,400in the US, people issues. The Rockies is a tough area to get people. Where do you hit the wall? I guess you have 20 rigs coming out. So looking at your staffing levels now, where do you see hitting the barrier?    Well, you know, I don't think we will hit a barrier. I just think it takes time to train and I think that is what has been so different about this up turn is the slow methodology way - rig counts, this is a three-year up turn and looks like it may go  our visibility is not too far out, but it wouldn't surprise me if it goes several more years and it gives us time to train people and a lot of our people are young guys and you are exactly right, the Rockies is a difficult place, but I think that industry in the Rocky Mountains was decimated in the 1980s and now it is building back. It just takes time and I think we are doing it the correct way and it a very slow methodical trend and putting rigs out and that's what we are going to do.    So you don't see a hurdle there. It basically you have the rigs planned to come out and staffing just follows suit?    If you count, look at it the way we look, we went from 130 rigs to 280 rigs, the big hurdles were in effect the doubling of our business at this point the incremental in effect under 10% increase of rigs is much, much easier to accomplish than what we have already been through.    I have been really pleased, as we have grown our fleet this time the overall efficiency of the fleet. We are drilling in some areas more faster today than we were when we started two years ago. So I think we have done real well in maintaining efficiency and I know it is difficult in a lot of places but I have been in the service business for 40 years and labor has always been the biggest single problem and it is a hard problem when you are slow and a hard problem when you have a lot of rigs. We just always have to work them. I don't think it is a big issue.    Okay, great guys. Thanks. Appreciate.    Our next question is a follow-up question from Kurt Hallead. Please go ahead. Mr. holly, are you there? Looks like he may have stepped away from his phone, we will go to the next question and it is a follow-up question from Geoff Kieburtz. Please.    Cloyce, I wanted to come back on visibility. You mentioned that you don't have great visibility right now, but I just wondered if you could characterize your conversation with customers. Have you started to have conversations about the potential work out a greater time horizon than say three or six months ago?    Yes, I think that's a fair statement that we are discussing that. There are some term contracts that are being made. We have not made term contracts yet. I'm certainly not saying we are not going to. But we are being asked more and more for term contracts. I guess what I said about visibility, I have never seen a downturn in (indiscernible) led with a commodity price downturns and if we believe that the commodity prices are going to stay oil between $40 and $50 a barrel and gas between $4.5 and $6 or $7, I think that we are going to see a long trend continue, but the visibility is about as far as you can see the commodity prices are going to do and that is anybody's guess. Right now, it is pretty apparent we might have crossed the supply-demand curve for crude oil in the world and if that's the case not only is it good from the crude oil perspective, but it is also good for the natural gas perspective in North America because at some point, they are going to crack the crude oil prices and natural gas. We had a decoupling in 2001 of natural gas prices that kind of went away of being valued at six to one ratio in crude oil. I think we are seeing that return to the industry. And if crude oil is short in the world and my guess is that we are reaching close to capacity of what we are able to produce just like we did in natural gas in the US in 1995. So if that's the case and we don't know that yet, I think that you could see a long, long trend of high commodity prices.    Could you discuss a little bit how you think about term? I mean, with rates going up as there are seems to be little or no incentive for you to start locking in, but how do you think about that? What would the condition be that you would start to consider going into term commitments?    Before we get to that answer, I just want to make one other, just clarifying comment. I think when Cloyce was speaking about the two commodities being recoupled, he wasn't necessarily saying it would be the same six to one ratio that we used to have. So we are not trying to suggest a specific coupled ratio, but that they may come back to being coupled. That is just a clarification. Second, going back to your term contract question, our thoughts on that subject are that if we can get to a point with our customers where we think that we can achieve a contract from both perspectives, which gives both of us kind of the proper upsides and returns, we will consider it. The other factor, of course, that we consider too is what our competition is doing because you can't operate any business in a competitive vacuum. You have to look at the competitive marketplace and make a judgment. Right now, we have not seen term contracts yet offered to us that are at levels that we think would be appropriate for us to take the contract putting aside all the questions about enforceability and so on.    Right. Is it too simplistic to think about it in terms of a margin per rig day or you know, I guess margin per rig day threshold that that starts to become interesting?    I think it is a more complicated question. Let me just give you a couple of particulars. What days do you get paid for. Who bears the responsibility for delays? Who bears responsibility for what kinds of delays? How do you play with weather? How do you play with repairs? There's a whole series of  it looks kind of like binomial problem, but it is actually a larger problem than just Binomial.    Last question, really kind of - education, where are you getting people from that you are adding to your staff?    They come out of the workforce. We are trying people and it has always been that way and one thing that has happened in this upturn for our industry is the increase in the unemployment in the US. If you remember in 2001 the unemployment was the lowest in 40 years in the US and now it is back up to more normal, 5%, 6% and we just draw from that lower end for a lot of our employees. So, a lot of them are looking for work. And wages have gone up. In 2001, we had a 40% wage increase and at least we became competitive with Wal-Mart and McDonald, we used to not be competitive with them. We kept our wages so low so low so long that we could not compete in that market place. And years ago kids could come out of high school and work in the summer on drilling rigs and could make enough money to go to college for a year. Now we are back to that. They make more money working on a drilling rig than they can anywhere else for unskilled laborers. So, we draw from that market place. It no different than it has been for the last 40 years. The only thing is we have our wages up high enough now we can compete.    Thanks very much.    Do you have any further questions?   [Operator Instructions].   Gentlemen at this time, I show no further questions. I would like to turn the conference back over for any concluding comments.    Thank you everyone for joining us. We appreciate your support. Take care.    Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Patterson-UTI Energy fourth quarter earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to the replay of today's conference, please dial 303-590-3000 and enter the access code 11021632 followed by the pound sign. Once again, thank you for participating in today's conference. At this time, you may now disconnect.
[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Our first question is from Wilson Smith. Mr. Smith, you may proceed.    Good afternoon, gentlemen. Nice quarter again. If you could, Jim, can you tell us what the balance was on that commercial loan that you got the $2.8 m recovery on and could you give us a little bit of color on that loan?    Actually I can’t create - - I’m sorry, Bob’s helping me here. The balance was about 3.8. We had previously charged it down. It actually was a series of real estate investments that we felt a little uncomfortable with and fortunately they were good properties and through the course of time, the owners were able to sell those properties and make us whole, and for some reason the market for those types of properties just got very favorable this year and we’re very pleased to be able to book those recoveries. Actually, they were a series of properties.    Excellent. And how doe the launch list look at this point?    It looks as good as it has for awhile. Honestly, we keep knocking on wood here and looking at the economy, I think it’s evidence that the economy really is getting stronger and in we’re seeing that. Our 30 day delinquency numbers were under 80 basis points, I think, and the outlook is just pretty good. Launch list is at low levels on a relative basis and we just feel good about the outlook for asset quality at this time. It doesn’t mean something couldn’t jump up and bite us, but we’re feeling pretty good about it. And I think what it is is a testimony to a strong economy. I think it’s a testimony to the underwriting and credit administration processes we have here. Most of us who sit around the table and evaluate these credits when they come in, and most of the people that are out there acquiring the credits today, have been together for awhile. And I think we have some good experience looking at them. But again, sometimes things happen that are beyond your control. And when that happens, we’ve made a practice of addressing them aggressively and early and in these 2 cases this quarter that we had a favorable outcome from, we lost money on the one hotel that we talked about before, but not as much as we had anticipated we could. So we just feel good about the way a couple of these problems got resolved.    And kind of a follow up on that, kind of given the scrutiny that the loan loss provisions have been getting now via the SEC and the auditors and so forth, given this decline in the MPAs that you had and the excellent performance and the improving condition of the watch list, how is that - - can you give us a little bit of thoughts on how that might impact your reserve levels in ‘05?    Wilson, I’ll answer that. You’re absolutely right - - the review process from both the banking standards and also the external auditors and also the SEC, has become much more rigorous on the adequacy of the loans per loan loss. We believe we have a model that adequately addresses the risks that are inherent within that portfolio and we also know that we have to take into consideration the large amount of new loans that are being brought in that portfolio. So as you look back over our trend, the asset quality in the overall portfolio really doesn’t change that quickly unless you have some type of economic shock or some type of breakdown in your credit administration. So with that said, that allowance for loan loss reserves should run fairly steady or change moderately over time.    The thing that jumps to my mind when you ask that question, Wilson, is also - I mean a net charge off this quarter, or for the year of 7 basis points, I mean, that is a very low number. Nobody is going to sustain that kind of a number year after year. I mean, if you look back over the last 5 or 6 or 7 years, you’re probably going to see us somewhere between 25 and 30 basis points on average. And that’s probably a more realistic expectation over time for net charge offs.    Good. And Bob, it looked as though, and you’ve been doing this all year, you’ve been bringing down the level of the investment securities. Do you think your kind of at where you want to keep it at this point? Or do you think that you may take it down further?    No, we’re pretty comfortable where it’s at now. What we’ve been wanting to do is get into a position where we’re borrowing short term funds and investing them in intermediate or long terms securities as a leveraging tactic. And that pulling down or that leveraging on the balance sheet worked out very well for us here this past year because the yield curve did flatten and so those tactics are really just a strategy to get our balance sheet into a position in anticipation of what we saw was going to happen.    One more question then I’ll let some other folks hop in here. But your net interest margin was also improved, it was a nice improvement this quarter. Can you give us a little bit of feel for how you might be thinking about how the net interest margin might continue to improve throughout the year if the Fed continues to increase rates?    Well of course in theory where our balance sheet is, we continue to be asset sensitive and probably have been for the last 2 years primarily because of the way the commercial lending customers preference shift toward more variable rate loans at least in our market. So the theory is, that as short term rates go up, with an asset sensitive balance sheet, it should have improvements to the net interest margin. But what that does not take into consideration is the flattening of the yield curve as we’re seeing here which provides a little more dynamic type scenario. So I think it’s going to be a combination. Short term rate increases will help us. But it also depend what happens in that long end of the curve as well. Does that answer your question?    That helps, thank you. And I do have a couple more questions but I’ll come back in at the end if they’re not asked by somebody else.    Our next question is from Colin Gilbert with Ryan Beck &amp; Company. Mr. Gilbert, you may proceed.  Jason O’Donnell: Hi, gentlemen. Actually it‘s Jason O‘Donnell sitting in for Colin. Congratulations on your quarter. I just had a couple of quick questions with regard to on the fee side. You had some nice improvement in your wealth management business in terms of fee income. You have 14.75% growth on quarter. Can you just describe a little bit about what’s driving that and also sort of your outlook going forward in terms of that business? And also on the insurance line item we kind of conversely saw the opposite of that and saw a decline of 6% quarter over quarter which was pretty dramatic. Could you just talk a little bit about your expectations over the near term as far as that business?    I’ll talk about wealth management and let Bob talk about insurance. In terms of wealth management, a couple of things going on. One is that the focus of the group has shifted in terms of new business into the metropolitan Pittsburgh market. We did open an office down there 2.5 years ago in downtown. We have a group there that has been working with some Senator influence and cracking some business. And it’s been good business. We see that continuing. We are adding staff down there and when our lease expires in the space that we’re in today, which will be later this fall, we expect to probably increase the amount of space we have and probably put a team together down there including a commercial lender, cash management person and build a little different type of delivery system there than we currently have.  But a lot of it and the majority of the folks in the office will still be related to wealth management. The other thing that’s happened is that in some of the older markets that we’re in we have some folks who were older retire, and they were primarily - - we’ve been able to replace them with folks at lower salary levels who are younger, less experienced people. We’ve also got brokerage folks that we’re kind of fully staffed up there now out in the hubs, for the retail hubs. And that seems to be working very well. So it’s been a combination. I mean, the revenue growth was a little bit ahead of plan on the wealth management side because the business was a little stronger than we had anticipated. And on the expense side, they did a wonderful job of managing their expenses but not to the degradation of future business, we don’t believe. So I think we have a better model now, a little different model than we’ve had in the past. And the overall net contribution exceeded plan by probably 6 or 7%. But yeah, we’re pleased with the way things are going there.  Jason O‘Donnell: Great. Thank you very much.    And I’ll address the question on insurance. The decline - - you’re looking at a link quarter, is that correct? Hello? Hello?    Our next question - -    Are we still on line, Mr. Moderator?    Yes, Sir.    Okay, I want to address the question about the insurance. The insurance is actually up comparing the fourth quarter of ‘03 to fourth quarter ‘04. It is down slightly about $60,000 on a link quarter basis, and that’s primarily 2 factors. The first being is that the third quarter was just an outstanding quarter for our insurance agency bringing on a couple of large new accounts that weren’t repeated here in the fourth quarter. The third quarter was actually also very, very strong for our 2 title insurance company activities, one dealing with commercial titles and one dealing. So I think it’s more of a factor of the third quarter being extra strong with the fourth quarter being more normalized. Okay, so we’re ready for more questions.    Our next question is from Matt Schultheis with Ferris Baker and Watts.    Good afternoon, gentlemen. Quick question for you related to sort of liquidity ratios. Do you have a sense of how many liquid assets, or a percentage of earning assets that you would prefer to see in liquid assets? And I ask that in regard to you obviously delivered some here from the year and I just wanted to see if you have kind of a baseline of where you started adding securities and whatnot back on for liquidity management purposes.    Yeah. Matt, we utilize the various liquidity ratios, the economy liquidity ratio is pretty much our red flag. As far as a management pool, we find that they’re somewhat limited. We like to use a more dynamic model that we have as sort of a liquidity gap where we can look out over 12, 18 months and anticipate what’s happening in the way of liquidity. Now we do know that earlier this year when we ran that model, and were having such tremendous loan growth, and we looked out into the future with that model we knew we were starting to get a little bit sweet. So at that time, we took a couple of different actions that worked out very well for liquidity and this cut back a little bit on our upside from a cost perspective related to the net interest margin because whenever you add liquidity, it does become more expensive.  In the third quarter we went out and purchased $28m of broker CDs. We also got a little more aggressive on our internally generated CD programs. And in August of this year, we introduced a savings account called the Green Plan that is indexed to the Fed funds rate. And over the past 5 months, we’ve added close to $200m in that account, it’s very attractive. So with any liquidity issues that we had previously, have certainly been addressed. The Green Plan not only provides good core low cost internal funds for us, but it also fits in very nicely with the shift that we’re seeing with our commercial loans going towards more variable rate loans.    The other thing I’d mention is that about 40, 50% of that is new funds.    Yeah. It wasn’t just a shift of things cannibalizing our existing accounts. Probably close to $100m of that $200m raised in that savings account was new funds from outside the bank.    Well, I guess I’m more focused on the asset side of the balance sheet. At some point, you don’t want your balance sheet to consist of loans as assets and liabilities. You need some source of liquidity on the asset side as well. And I guess I was questioning more, do you try to keep liquid assets as a percentage of total assets or earning assets at some ratio? And realizing that that’s a somewhat simplistic and rule of thumb approach, or are you - - you don’t even manage it that way?    No, it is an integral part of our whole asset/liability management. I mean, it’s something we look at each month, the ratios. Again, we do have specific targets for them that I don’t have here with me right now, but our treasurer is here with me, let me ask him.    One of our policy limits we use run rates like a percentage of loans and letters of credit as a kind of asset, but we don’t have any specific targets for securities per se. We also look at what we have available on the borrowing side.    Can you share with me the loans and letter of credits earning asset ratio?    The internal memo uses like 85%.    Okay. Just one last question. In the past, you‘ve had some, a little bit of volatility in your, excuse me, in your mortgage servicing rates. I guess in the last 2 quarters you’ve had an upswing in one quarter and downswing in the next, or my memory may be flawed there. How did those hold up in the fourth quarter and how do you think they’re going to hold up going forward?    Well, as you know, they are tied into where the long term interest rates are growing. This past quarter we just had a small, minor adjustment to those valuations, so as - - in fact, we have a very small, I guess, allowance for those reserves set aside at this point so if interest rates go up, there would be a small recovery.    Okay. Do you value those monthly or quarterly?    Quarterly.    Okay. Does that mean you put, when you put new rates on, do you do that quarterly or monthly?    Quarterly    Okay, I guess that’s all my questions. Thank you.    Gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time.    No further questions? If there are no more questions, thank you for participating on today’s conference call. We certainly appreciate the opportunity to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and for the year and look forward to talking with all of you again next quarter if not before.
Thank you, Mr. Gallagher. [Caller instructions.]  [Darren Horowitz][ph], Raymond James.    Let's first start off with backlog. I noticed at the end of Q3, when we last spoke, that you guys had hoped to work off approximately 36m in backlog, and net of any additions this quarter, it looks like you worked off right around 30m. Can you give us kind of a sense of what the expectation is for what's expected to be worked off in Q1? And, more importantly, in terms of project timing, any large projects to be worked off in the upcoming quarter?    Well, it's tough to say what's going to happen during the quarter in terms of revenues, but basically, we were down because of 2 things.   First of all, December was a very slow month for us. Our ability to get materials in on a timely manner was somewhat hampered by the mills. So some of our revenues we could've expected in the fourth quarter will probably be delayed until after the first of the year.   And some of the major projects we have in, most of the materials will be coming in towards the end of the first quarter and definitely in by the beginning of the second quarter. But this delay in materials is what really prevented us from increasing our revenues in the fourth quarter, as well as, again, not weather conditions as much as just lack of material. We slowed down our working hours to 40 hours a week rather than the normal 50- to 65-hour-a-week range.    Okay, so now I'm assuming with the delay in materials that that's not just directly related to steel, because if memory serves, you had a little bit less than $1m' worth of steel still sitting in the yard, correct?    That's correct, but some of the work we have gotten, we've had to go to the mills. I mean $1m of steel will help us on the smallest, shorter turnaround-type projects but not on the larger projects similar to, let's say, the PEMEX job that we announced we had, and of course, we have some other jobs. As you can see, our backlog went up a little. And so this material had to be ordered from the mills.    Okay, with that said, that's actually a great segue into my second question. In terms of the bidding activity and what you're hearing from PEMEX and also from areas in the Gulf of Mexico, how does that landscape look right now? I remember that the last time we had spoke, you were anticipating to get an increased amount of work from international areas and also a larger percentage from deepwater-type products  or projects, excuse me. But with, you know, PEMEX potentially pushing things back a bit or scaling back their budget, how does that  how has that affected the bidding climate?    Well, the bidding climate, we think, is going to improve this year because the engineering firms are now getting busy. There's some talk about several deepwater projects that should be coming about probably in the second or third quarter of this year, and we hope to participate in that.   Right now, our backlog  as far as deepwater, it's 27 percent of our backlog, and we consider foreign projects actually 40 percent of our backlog, so we've actually increased our foreign backlog with PEMEX and some other work that we have gotten. So it looks like the foreign work is more prevalent in the marketplace, at least at this point in time. However, we do see some shelf projects and some deepwater projects from Mexico coming out for bid around the second quarter timeframe.    As it relates to Dolphin, what early indications have you gotten in terms of hurricane-related work to be coming around, you know, the tail-end of Q1 here and into Q2?    Well, we don't see that. Most of our hurricane-related work, we sent crews offshore to do that work in the third and into the fourth quarter. There's still some work to be done but not nearly as much as you might think. Most of the work now is really for the diving and pipeline companies.   As far as replacing platforms, entire platforms, we don't see that at this point in time. We're not relying on hurricane damage, and we think whatever's out there is going to be a minimal part of our future work.    Okay, great. Thanks, guys.    Okay.    Thank you, Darren.    [Caller instructions.]  [Sergio Lisnick][ph], [Stone][ph] Research.    Just a short question about the margins this quarter. It seems that you're at historic  almost historic lows, taking out the last quarter. Do you think it's going to improve going forward? And what are the reasons for?    Well, we don't know if it's going to improve. We're bidding to have higher margins, and we sure hope they improve to higher levels than what we saw in the fourth quarter, but there's no guarantee on that. But, yeah, we'd like to get our margins higher than what they were in the fourth quarter. To do that, we have to increase our workloads and our manhours to be able to do that, and hopefully, we can possibly do that later towards the second quarter and third quarter this year, when historically we have better weather conditions to work more manhours.    Okay, so there is no  no specific reasons, like raw materials or something else? Because like, for example, in the first and second quarter, the workload was approximately the same, but you managed to do the best in terms of margins?    Well, you have to understand, our manhours are normally down in the fourth and first quarter of the year. Sometimes, it's the bonuses that play into our  our margins, which happened in the first quarter of 2003 that we didn't have in the fourth quarter  I mean 2004 - didn't happen in the fourth quarter of 2004. So sometimes there's bonuses that may go for early delivery or delivering on time, and other incentives our customers will give us for particular jobs. And you normally would realize those incentives at  right at the end of the project to make sure you met delivery. So sometimes you'll see that play into and it'll actually raise margins. I think that's what you saw in the first quarter of 2004.    Yeah, that's probably  thank you. Thank you very much.    Okay, Sergio.    Darren Horowitz, Raymond James.    Just a follow-up question I thought I'd jump on. If we could for a minute, Duke and Kerry, let's circle back to the steel issue. If memory serves correctly, I recall that steel prices were up about 40 percent from the November '03-type timeframe. Just to kind of get a little bit more clarity in terms of the raw material that you're buying out at the mills, how much more steel was needed, and is it more of like the lower-grade-type steel? I guess what I'm trying to get a sense for is how much actual steel in terms of volume, and obviously, the related lag times, are you needing to go out to purchase in the open market?   And more importantly, I'm just trying to kind of get a sense for how available it is and if that's going to stretch out the duration of the project.    Well, we have purchase orders out for the  in the neighborhood, and I will give you some ballpark figures. But, basically, on our larger projects, about 50 percent of those projects are  involve the steel purchase. So if you look at some of our larger projects right now, we have about $20m' worth of steel on order with the steel mills. And these orders will be filled in the first and partly into the second quarter of 2005. So these orders should be filled rather quickly from now on, so we should be able to start increasing our manhours, is what we're hoping to do. And by the way, these orders are protected on price. We don't have any price risk on these particular orders. Most of it is high-strength steel with some mild steel mixed in, but predominantly, it's a lot of high-strength steel.    Okay, great. That actually reminds me of another question. It's more of a housekeeping issue. What were the direct labor hours worked in the quarter?    In the fourth quarter     Yes.     of 2004, it was 510,000.    Okay.    And last year's, Darren, just for a reference, it's 593,000.    Okay. And just another quick housekeeping question. I noticed that SG&amp;A was down this quarter. As a matter of fact, to the lowest point that it's been for the full year 2004. What's the appropriate type of number to run with? Is it something just over 1m, or maybe 1.2m?    Darren, in that range is where it's going to fall. I mean, you know, where  operations at the level we're at.    Darren, consider, also, that in SG&amp;A are the executive bonuses, and that's directly a relationship to the profitability.    Sure.    Okay, so that will fluctuate on your SG&amp;A more than anything.    Sure, sure. I can understand that. I was going to say it's a great thing that the SG&amp;A is down a bit, but didn't want to mention that because that might be a sore subject. Thanks, guys.    Okay.    Thank you, Darren.    [Inaudible - multiple speakers], Darren.    Joe Agular, Johnson Rice.    Quick question, I guess, on the  going back to the fourth quarter comment on the steel delivery issue. Was that something that would've affected the bottom line at all, or were those deliveries just kind of projects that were in the early stages where you aren't booking any profit yet?    Well, we're not booking any profits, but you need that steel in to be able to put manhours in. You know, you can't work manhours without the steel. So as a result, our hours were actually down for the fourth quarter because we didn't have enough material in-house to be able to work our people a normal 50-, 55-hour work week. So that  you know, the inability to work manhours and realize earnings on the manhours  you remember, our percent complete? We only recognize profits as we add value or manhours to it.    Right.    So we have to get the steel in and start doing some value-added work before we can recognize any earnings. So without having the steel in-house, number one, your manhours are down; therefore, your fixed costs are still there, so your profitability is not as high as you'd like to see.    Any guess as to how many manhours you  were, you know, affected?    That's hard to say, really. I couldn't speculate on that right now, but if you look at last year versus this year, you're looking at about, you know, 80,000 manhours' difference on what we worked last year when we had material in-house versus this year when we were struggling to get material in on a timely basis.    Do you  a broader question, I guess. You know, your manhours overall for '04 versus '03 were coming down. Would you expect '05, you know, for the full year to be flat, up, down?    Well, that depends on what work we pick up.    Well, that's an indirect way of asking you that!    Yeah, we always hope it would be up.    Yeah.    I mean that's your goal is to try and get more, but again, we don't take work if we can't get reasonable margins. We're not going to go ahead and buy work, you know. So we trade off whether you're buying work or  you know, we'd rather let our competitors take some of the cheaper work, and we wait and take a little higher-priced work a little later on in the year. So, you know, whatever happens in the bidding cycle's going to determine what that is.    What's the best area right now in terms of bidding activity for you all? Is it international or domestic?    Well, it has been on international, but I think we'll probably see a shift to more domestic, we hope, you know, in the next 2 quarters.    So you're optimistic that Gulf is going to return?    Well, if you look at CapEx spending on most of the oil and gas producers, most of them have increased their CapEx spending not only overseas but also in the Gulf of Mexico, so we would hope that that would relate to other projects. And in talking with the engineering firms, there are projects on the drawing board for the Gulf of Mexico, and they just  you know, we have to wait and see if they actually materialize.    I know it's obviously way down the road, but you have to be encouraged with some of these deepwater rigs going back to work, both in the Gulf and around  you know, around the world, too, but     Yeah, that seems pretty exciting. You know, some people are really excited about that right now, and I guess we're hopeful ourselves that that will relate into some deepwater projects that would have like very large, you know, top sides that we've been building over the last, you know, 4 or 5 years. So that would add to our backlog if you could see some of those come out or at least get our competitors busy to where we could pick up some other projects with higher margins.    Right. And one  just one last question. The constitution, Jack, could you give us an update on how that's progressing?    Quite well.    Okay.    Going quite well. We're running ahead of schedule, and so it's moving along quite well.    Great. Thank you very much, Kerry, Duke. Appreciate it.    Yeah.    [Neal Macketty][ph], [Red Rock Partners][ph].    Well, listen, I apologize. I jumped on a few minutes late. What  the backlog is, you know, 82m and 1.1m manhours. It's not quite records, but, you know, a pretty decent backlog going into next year. Now, that number includes everything you got since December 31, as well?    That's correct. That's what we always reported. Backlog at December 31 and any additional work we have picked up since then.    Okay. And what is the general bidding  you know, level of bidding activity, say, now versus where it was in February of '04?    Well, the bidding activity is a little stronger now than what we saw in '04; '04 was somewhat of an election year, and notoriously in an election year, there's not much happening as far as development in  especially in U.S. areas. But we're seeing some uptick. The engineering firms are busy, and we are busier right now bidding some projects for delivery later in the year, especially for the Gulf of Mexico, as well as some international projects.    Has the dollar helped you guys maybe get more opportunities international than in the past?    Well, we think so, and, Neal, you might not have been on, but our foreign backlog is  right now, it's at about 40m, and our deep  I mean 40 percent of our backlog, not 40m. Forty percent (40%) of our backlog is foreign, and 27.4 percent of our backlog is deepwater. So you can see there's been a shift more towards the foreign activity, but normally we're running  maybe 20-something-percent of our backlog work is foreign.    And is the majority of that PEMEX?    Well, that's one of them. There's actually some more in there, but that's one of the projects. And, of course, I can't give you the numbers because we normally don’t do that.    Right. And then, last, just on the [indiscernible], I mean there's been a lot of thought that maybe the [A&amp;P][ph] companies were so busy trying to get their production back on that some of the major repairs would be pushed out or some of the big decisions would be pushed out. I mean is that maybe wishful thinking and it's just going to help Dolphin a little bit and there's probably a little bit more work to be done, or do you really see maybe some major  you know, major issues in some of the contracts for bid and focus on repair, or are they focused on new projects?    Well, I think when you're talking in terms of Dolphin, you know, the repairs  a lot of the repairs have been done.    Okay.    We're seeing offshore right now as more modifications to increased production, and that's what we're seeing on some of these projects in terms of what Dolphin's seeing. And, you know, hopefully, we'll see some more of that where maybe one platform is getting production from a sub-[seed][ph] well or another line, and they're having to increase the production equipment or have a shut-in to do some more tie-ins. And that's what we're seeing more so than hurricane damage.    Okay, great. Thanks, guys. Good job.    Okay, thank you, Neal.    Thank you now.    [Caller instructions.]  [Blake Hutchinson][ph], [Howard Wheel][ph].    You know, just a quick question, you know, more theoretically in terms of how you look at your business right now. It appears that trends are set to improve certainly year over year and have improved a little bit as of late. Is there  when you look at your business right now, we've bumped against 1.3m manhours and about 100m of backlog late in '03, and you know, you're starting to approach that at this point. Is there a point, you know, in your purview where you  you know, that you don’t want to go above in terms of backlog right now because you fear losing a little bit of efficiency and you either need to stretch staff? In other words, I guess I’m trying to figure out where you are utilization-wise, when you start to bump up against that, and when you need to start to see, you know, those margins really expand on the project before you decide to make that kind of incremental add to backlog.    Yeah, well, you know, increase in backlog, we're very cautious to do that, and as we increase backlog, we're going to look for projects that have better margins; you know, as our backlog goes down somewhat and our competitors take additional work. I don't think there's a level where we're going to back off. If we see some good projects with reasonable margins, we're going to go ahead and take those projects, but you know, we have to have the margins in there to do that. And, of course, there is some labor available in our area right now, so we could actually increase our labor force without too much of a problem at this point in time. You know, that may change shortly, but there is a lot of labor on the market. We have picked up some labor in the last 3 or 4 months, and specifically the last month, to get ready, but some of this work we have it coming on board late in the first quarter and in the second and third quarter of this year. So, really, we can pick up quite a bit of work. But we've also beefed up our staff positions. We have hired 3 outstanding project managers to increase our ability to do these works, and to do this work and control our work in the future. So we are expanding our staff to be able to handle a higher workload as it comes about.    Okay, so you guys are already pretty well prepared.    That's correct.    Okay. That's all I had, thanks.    Okay.    Okay.    And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gallagher for closing comments.    Okay, we just want to thank you all for calling in, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.    Thank you. If you'd like to access the replay for today's conference, you may dial 719-457-0820 starting at 12 noon Central today until 11:59 PM Central on February 8, 2005. Please use the passcode 216143.   That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.
(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.)  Ann Gillen, Lehman Brothers.    Good morning. I was just wondering if you could give us more color. Kent, I think you mentioned about inventories being partially driven by some of the acquisitions. I know they're down a bit sequentially, but could you give us a sense as to what Remington might have contributed to the inventory build year-over-year?    Yes, Ann, this is Randy. We did see a slight increase in inventory from the Remington products. We are launching the Remington products in both Europe and Latin America, so on a year-over-year basis, we did see a slight increase in that inventory level. But more than 50 percent of the increase was driven by the 2 acquisitions.    So if it wasn't Remington, and it was only about 50 percent from the acquisitions, what else would be driving it?    It was really those 2 pieces are the major drivers.    Okay, so Remington was significant enough?    Yes.    Okay, and then just a question in terms of visibility. When did you learn that Remington was missing in North America?    Well, Ann, it's really  there's really 2 components of that. The biggest component is a planned  some call it a planned miss  but a planned reduction in sell-in. We did a lot of analysis over our business in our first year, and frankly, we thought there was too much sell-in that occurred in Q1 of last year. It's a highly seasonal business, and we spent the back 3 quarters, in essence, trying to balance out the retail inventory, because there was too much sell-in. At least, by the way we run businesses, there was too much sell-in.   And so this year, we cut it back intentionally, and so the biggest piece of reduction year-over-year had to do with our planning. And the second component is there was weak sales, category sales, in both men and women's shavers for the quarter, and both of those categories showed declines year-over-year, dollar declines, and there was really a couple of reasons behind that. One is there was a mix-shift down to  there was some very low priced entrants in the category, that sub-$10 entrants, that were heavily promoted by some retailers, and that traded dollars down versus how you would look at the category historically. That's one.   And then the second is that Gillette's MP3, which was heavily promoted and discounted during the holiday season, in our view, and we don't have all the data and statistics in yet, but our view is that promotionally, that took some of the low-end category growth away.    Okay. And yet despite this hit, your expansion of margins was quite strong in North America?    Yes, it was very strong. And that's a reflection of the Remington integration. I mean, go back a year, and we said Remington's going to generate  at the time, we said $23 million of synergies. And we've since updated that to  we think the number's $35 million or more. And most of that would have impacted on a geographic basis, our North American business; some in Europe, but most of it in North America, and you're seeing that flush through the P&amp;L now.    Perfect. That's it for my questions. Thanks so much.    Okay.    Bill Schmitz, Deustche Bank.    (Technical difficulty) Hey, it looks like when you funded the debt for the United acquisition, there's an extra $200 million or so left over. Do you have plans for future acquisitions in the near future?    Most of what you see as a surplus is really related to the revolver. We think that the rest of the debt, the term debt, from the bonds are the right level to finance  refinance our existing debt, as well as United's. So, our flexibility is more in terms of having a reasonably good sized revolver sitting there.   And the answer is yes, as we've told people, one of the key attributes of the United acquisition that we really like is the fact that they have a significant presence in the pet category. It's a very fragmented category. It's one where we want to continue to find roll-off opportunities and acquisition targets, so we've kept a little (indiscernible) there to continue to pursue opportunities as we go forward there.    Okay, great. And then just on that North American battery business, are you seeing the business environment becoming a lot more rational? I mean, Energizer has some pretty decent US margins. It looks like Duracell's on kind of the same trajectory. Is the pricing environment trend starting to stabilize a little bit?    Yes, I mean, Bill, if you go back versus a year or two, I think you've seen improved pricing dynamics in the marketplace in general. As evidenced by all 3 of the major competitors in North America's battery margins, operating margins, or EBITDA margins, are significantly improved. The fourth quarter, we did see some heightened promotional activity in the fourth quarter by our competitors. But again, we always see more promotional activity in the fourth quarter because of the holiday selling.    Right, and did you see the same kind of volume growth of about 1 to 2 percent in North America?    Yes, we saw slight volume growth, and sort of flat to slightly declining dollar growth     Great.     for a plus-2, minus-2, somewhere in that range.    Got you. And then just on Microlite, I was surprised that the business turned so quickly. I mean, has that business reached an inflection point? And so, should we assume that that business will stay profitable from this point forward?    Yes, I think  I certainly expect it will stay profitable. The key components were, we bought a business that was under-capitalized, and just to stay afloat, they were borrowing money at outrageous interest rates. Well, we recapitalized the business down there, and eliminated virtually all of that expensive debt that they were incurring. So that was a good balance sheet move.   We installed a fantastic management team, and as a result, we changed the product offerings; we rationalized the SKUs. And as importantly, we've raised the average price of a Rayovac product by 16 percent in that marketplace, and that price increase stuck in its entirety. And our principle competitor, Panasonic, used the opportunity to increase their profitability and raise prices behind us.   So, all the actions that we took place, which, frankly, surprised us by how fastly they took hold. It didn't surprise us that we were going to make it profitable. But we expected a pretty good fight with retailers and distributors and wholesalers, and I would just say that the fight didn't last as long as we expected. And by this fall, beginning in the October timeframe, they found themselves running low on product, and they had to begin ordering in normal patterns again.   All of that would suggest to us that Brazil is not going to be a drag on our Latin American business going forward. And frankly, I think in the future years, it's going to be one of the star performers, because we have such enormous market share there, over 50 percent. Our numerical distribution is so high. We're a must-have brand, so you can't replace the Rayovac battery with some other brand there, because of just the dominance of the brand in the marketplace.    Great. And then just one last one, if I may. On the Ningbo business, when do you think you are going to start exporting those batteries back to the US? I know you're adding a fair bit of alkaline capacity out there, and I know the long-term plan is to re-import. Is that going to happen sooner rather than later?    I think you're going to see some amount of movement of product into other regions. Whether that's North America, or Latin America, or Europe, it's really based on what the particular business issue or opportunity might be at the time. You're going to see some movement of product begin  start beginning this spring. So we'll see some throughout the year. But the big opportunity there is next year, because we're bringing lines  a high speed, double-A, and triple-A alkaline lines, we're building right now to install in that facility. And so we're still sort of 9 to 12 months away from a timeframe where we're going to see tens or hundreds of millions of batteries exported versus at start.    Great, thanks. Does that mean that you're going to take some capacity out of Fennimore?    No, it doesn't. It just means that China is going to be the growth vehicle for all the alkaline capacity needs in the future. But we have a very large plant in Fennimore; we have a very large plant in Dischingen, Germany. Those plants are running near capacity, and so as alkaline grows around the world, all the future capacity needs are going to come out of that China plant.    Great. Thanks very much.    Peter Barry, Bear Stearns.    Good morning, gentlemen. Dave, you may have addressed part of this, but can we conclude that there were no market share issues as it related to Remington North America?    There was no  the biggest component of our Remington business in North America is men's shaving. It is by far, it's sort of the whole     $500 million.    It's $500 million, the category, okay? There were no market share issues there. In fact, our share slightly improved, and the December ending share was the highest men's shaving share in the history of Remington. Okay? In the women's category, which is much smaller, it's sort of $40 to $50 million versus 500, we did see share losses in the women's category, where we had about 2/3 of the market. And we had several low-priced offerings that came into the marketplace at price points below where Remington has historically sold products, or probably want to sell products, and that took, that shifted mix down, and it took some share away from us as a result. And we're still trying to analyze those movements, and what if any actions, or line-up adjustments that we need to do going into this Spring.   And then finally, in Remington's personal care, the business grew here and in Europe. Grew over 50 percent in North America for the quarter. But again, it's a small business. So, fundamentally, I'd say we had some shifts, but they weren't material in terms of the market share.    Just shifting to international for a moment. How confident are you about the sustainability of growth in both Europe and Latin America as it relates to Remington? Or should we conclude that part of the success thus far has been simply filling a pipeline that prior to this wasn't especially robust?    I think it's probably a little bit of both. The short answer is you should assume continued significant growth in Remington internationally as we roll out into the other geographies. In Europe, the biggest piece of that growth  and Europe grew dramatically in Remington this quarter  but the biggest pieces was related to our personal care business in the UK, which was just on fire. We launched this Wet 2 Straight woman's product that we could not keep in stock. We heavily advertised it on TV in the UK, and it was a fantastic success.   You saw some triple effect of us launching Remington products on the Continent during the quarter, but that is yet to come. And over the next year or two you're going to see continued growth out of Remington in Europe, because of our geographic expansion, particularly in our shaving  men's shaving business, which was not well-developed prior to the acquisition.   And then in Latin America, we had a test market in Chile during the last quarter of Remington products, and we had a significant success. So, it was a learning experience for us. You know, what we learned is that we didn't ship enough products into that market, because by December the 15th, we had sold out of all the Remington products in all the retailers that were selling products for us. So, we learned something there, and we're getting ready during this Father's Day period to launch Remington products in Argentina, in some areas of Brazil, in some areas of Mexico. So, the rollout, albeit, it's a  will be a smaller business model in Latin America, but the rollout of Remington products in Latin America has really just begun.    Just two more from me. Dave, could you drill down a little further in terms of the battery business, and share with us alkaline, zinc carbon, large-pack product. What were the internal dynamics of those in the December quarter?    Unit shipments of alkaline were up slightly. Dollar sales of alkaline  excuse me  dollar unit sales of alkaline were up slightly. Unit  dollar sales of alkaline were down. So, we had negative pricing of about 2 or 3 percent for the quarter. That's the combination of movement to the bigger pack sizes, which it's something that's been occurring for a long time. As well as there's been some fundamental shift from higher-priced alkaline, down to lower-priced alkaline and heavy duty. So heavy duty grew during the quarter, because some low-end shoppers that are totally value shoppers in mass discount, and in dollar stores bought more heavy duty or zinc carbon products.    Is this a resurrection of zinc carbon in some fashion or other?    Yes, I would say it's a short-term. I personally think  there's differing views  but I personally think it's sort of a short-term resurrection. And it has to do more with which retailers heavily promoting a specific item. But the long-term trend, the North American marketplace continuing to convert to alkaline. And by the way, it's 92 or 93 percent converted now, so we're not seeing a trend where the zinc carbon's going to be 20 percent of the business in the future. Maybe it's going to be  grow by an extra 1 or 2 percent, short term.   But the long-term trends are the same. And the long term trends are the same in Europe, it's converting to alkaline, it's actually accelerating the conversion of alkaline in Europe, and in Latin America and the Far East, as you know, it's still almost totally a zinc carbon market there. The zinc carbon represents about 2 out of every 3 batteries sold in the world in the general battery segment today. So, in the US it's more developed.    And to Randy, just one question. I probably missed this, but could you give us the battery revenues, and the Remington revenues for the quarter?    Yes, I can, Peter. Hang on just a minute here. We had Remington revenues were $154 million of the 490.    Thank you, that's it for me.    Okay, thanks, Peter.    Joe Norton, Banc of America.    Thanks, good morning. Just going back to the cost savings for just a minute. Could you tell us in the quarter what the total Remington cost savings were? And can you just sort of give us an idea how that breaks out geographically?    Yes, Joe, it's really impossible for us to really identify as Dave mentioned, we're seeing $35 million annualized with our estimates. We would say last year we probably realized about $10 or $11 million of that. So, net year-over-year you'll see $24 or $25 million extra this year. But we really can't quantify it by geography, or what specific line item.    And we really, Joe, we don't try to. As a business, we have very detailed plans to get the synergies, to execute the programs, to track them until their done. And then frankly, then we're off to something else. And now we're off to something else.    Yes, and once you finish an integration, you essentially have a totally new business model, a new functional structure, and we don't try and go back and track exactly the various components of it. So, we end up having a new integrated business that has a different cost structure going forward, that allows us to improve margins.    Okay. And then in terms of the North American shaving issue. I'm just wondering, I know you said you're still analyzing what's going on there, but is there  it sounds like maybe one of the issues could be the lines are blurring a little bit, and we have these new sort of "power" products in the wet shaving category? And I'm just wondering is there a risk that those products are really going to start competing more with some of your products?    I would say, I mean, our view would be, no, that there's no long-term growth. This is emotionally driven shift that you will see occurring, and not a fundamental change in the consumer. You've got to go back to consumer behavior. You're either a wet shaver, or a dry shaver. And in the US, about 2/3 of the market-place is wet shaving. It's just the reverse in Europe. And so, that's not changing. But in terms of Christmas seasons, seasons like that where gift-giving are a big deal, and at least Gillette and MP3 they promoted that product down to a price point that I think it made a nice stocking stuffer in a lot of people's stockings in the US. And I think that promotional strategy may have had some short  some promotional shift, but certainly not long-term, fundamental category shift from dry to wet shaving. I wouldn't say that at all.    Okay, and then do you have a sense of straight inventory levels at this point? I mean, is that issue clear? Was that just sort of a Remington issue, or was that an industry-wide issue?    My view is that the industry, and not just this industry, but seasonal industries are all faced with the challenge of trying to figure out what the right business model for shipment in is. Do you want to do it and try to reach an inflection point where you're not costing yourself sales, but you don't want to have a big return pipeline that comes your way?   And so we made a conscious decision  this is Remington specific  we made a conscious decision to cut that back. And so, we're certainly entering this quarter in much better shape from a retail inventory standpoint than we did last year. And it's sort of, it was a planned move on our part to do that. We were very unhappy with having to fight with high inventories for much of last year after the Christmas quarter, and dealing with returns and all the things around those, which we don't particularly like. So, you know, you can say we did it to ourself, but it was a good business move to do.    Uhm hum. And then just finally on this topic, some of the new products, and the advertising and marketing support going through the year, is that incremental kind of as a result of what happened in the Christmas season? Is this something that was planned and funded through your budgeting process, or is there  is that going to eat into some of your North American cost savings?    This was completely planned, and it goes back for months. It was completely planned by us, and reviewed and discussed with our retail customers, and so it was not a surprise to us. And so, it won't have any fundamental affect on the way we run our business. And, in fact, in this quarter, in spite of us reducing those inventories specifically, we spent more money on Remington advertising year-over-year than we ever have.    Okay, good, thanks. And then just one final quick one just on that. Was it the inventories primarily that drove the decline in cash flow from operations?    We, I mean, as Kent had mentioned, I mean, it hit our expec  cash flow hit our expectations for the quarter. Inventory, we did see go up slightly, offset by a receivable decline. But we did anticipate some increase in the Remington inventory, because of the growth Latin America, and in Europe. Plus as we mentioned, the North America. But it pretty much hit expectations for the quarter.    It slightly exceeded our internal.    Okay, so then you're looking at a big shift in where the cash is generated for the rest of the year?    Just watch this quarter.    Yes, watch this quarter.    It's very good.    I'm sorry?    Yes, this quarter should be very good   (multiple speakers)    In Q2.    Okay, thank you.    Connie Maneaty, Prudential Securitie.    Good morning.    Hey, Connie.    Could you comment a little bit on the gross margins, and give us the breakdown between negative mix, and acquisitions on the decline?    I don't have all that detail here, Connie. One of the other things I didn't talk about in my comments is we reset standards at the beginning of the fiscal year. I think everybody's aware that we saw some commodity and material price increases that flowed into our year-over-year standards. We tend to offset that over the course of the year through a lot of cost-reduction initiatives. So part of that margin compression was a result of the new standards going into fiscal '05, but we expect as these cost-reduction things kick in during the year, you'll see, we'll be able to offset that impact on margin structure.    What do standards mean?    The amount that  for a particular product, the amount that we charge to cost of sales. It's the manufacturing cost that we carry the product at in inventory, and then when we sell it, what we charge to cost of sales.    Okay. As we look at the gross margin going forward during the year, is this a one-time decline, or should it decline for the rest of the year, getting a little bit easier by quarter?    We see improvement over the next three quarters in gross profit margin.    Does that mean they'll be up, or down less?    They'll be overall will be down slightly for the full year, because of Ningbo and Microlite. But on a consecutive quarter basis, we do see growth in gross profit margin in Q2 over Q1.    But will it be down year-over year in Q2?    Yes, slightly, yes.    And this was Ningbo, Microlite, which we're operating at very low gross margins. While they're relatively small, they still do have some impact on the corporate composite average.    Okay, so the Q2 gross margin declines year-over-year, and then second half should be flat to slightly up?    Yes, you can model that for the full year, it's probably going to be somewhere around 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis decline. But, in (technical difficulty).    That's a pretty big decline. I didn't have that in my model; I don't know about anybody else. Okay, thanks.    Chris Ferrara, Merrill Lynch.    Can you guys  I'm just trying to get at the underlying impact on the margin line of cost savings. Can you tell us on a dollar basis what the commodity inflation impact was the for the quarter?    For the quarter? No, we can tell you for the year we projected in the battery part of our business about $13 million, that we saw year-over-year increases. But again, for the full year, we're projecting cost-reduction initiatives of $20 million-plus, so that by the end of the fiscal year, it will more than offset those impacts on the business. But we don't have the specific breakout for the quarter.    Got it. And of the North American decline in Remington, how much of that was related to the change in shipment strategy?    Over half of it, a significant piece of it.    Okay, so then the category was still down single-digits, not double-digits in your estimation?    The woman's category was down. The numbers aren't real firm right now.    Yes, sure.    But the woman's category was down double-digits; it's a small category. But it's still an important focus. But the men's category was down (technical difficulty).    And could you just give a little more detail on the dynamics of the shipment  I know I don't want to beat this thing to death, and we've talked about it a lot  but I mean, will retailers in general request that you stuff the channel essentially, and you guys are basically pulling back on that, and getting flack over it?    No.    Or, I mean, how does it go?    Seasonal categories, people always have trouble trying to define exactly what the right consumer takeaway is likely to be. And there's a lot of forecasting and things like that that go into that analysis. And say it's one of the bigger problems that seasonal companies, or seasonal categories have. And last year we thought we made good judgment based on Remington's historic sell-in in our first quarter, on what the sell-in should be to key retailers. And we had a terrific sales season last year, and drove our market share to the highest level in history. So that all worked. And we still ended up with too much inventory that had to come back our way. And we were determined this year to do a better job of managing that. That's why we did what we did.    Does that create anything on a comp issue in the next couple of quarters? Where you'll have year-over-year returns, and have any meaningful impact on the business?    I think it'll have no meaningful impact on the comp year-end.    And just one other one. On obviously the push towards zinc carbon batteries lately, what are you or are you not participating in? I mean, have you gained shelf space on zinc carbon, at the expense of alkaline anywhere?    There's been no significant shift in any of the 3 major competitors in terms of distribution over the last year. And there's been no significant shift from our alkaline to zinc carbon business. You know, we (technical difficulty) zinc carbon is really the growth that has occurred in zinc carbon, and our business has benefited as well as one of our competitor's businesses have, has been driven by discount and dollar stores.    Okay, thanks.    George Chalhoub, Deustche Bank.    Just to verify something that I got confused a little bit in the discussion about the gross margin a few minutes ago. You mentioned that gross margins will be somewhat down for the full year. First of all, this was obviously excluding United Industries, right? This is purely     That is correct.    Right.    All of our discussions is about our core business. The acquisition has not taken place yet.    Right.    So, none of it     So     And really in the first part, gross margins are down year-over-year, but in the back- half they are up versus last year. So, for the full year we're down slightly on a year-over-year basis.    Okay. So     On the back-half they are improvement year-over-year.    It's all (indiscernible), George, is sort of 50 to 100 basis points on the full year. The only fundamental shift that's occurred in margins is the inclusion of Ningbo and Microlite's margins into our overall corporate margins, okay? As we rolled standards  as Kent was trying to explain  we rolled standards at the beginning of each fiscal year, and we load in planned or anticipated increases in the price of commodity in those standards, and that's what rolls out in margins. And then as we go through the year, we generate cost reductions, and favorable variances that flow through the P&amp;L. Okay? A lot of those favorable variances that are occurring right now are in the inventory, because we don't give credit for those variances until the inventory actually flows out into revenue. And I know I'm getting far too technical, but all of that would suggest that in the first quarter margins are, in essence, reduced, because of that. And then they are enhanced as we go through the year, as we roll out cost reductions.    Okay. That makes perfect sense. And you probably should have the mixed benefit of hopefully how your Remington sells in the back-half of the year, too.    Right.    Right.    Yes, product mix improvement.    Right. Housekeeping, what was the cash balance at the end of the quarter, please?   (multiple speakers)    $22 million.    22.    Yes.    Now, I know you don't want to talk too much about the details of the United Industries acquisition, but big picture perspective, are you planning on doing any major integration over the course of the next six months? Or giving the peak season for United, you want to leave them alone now, and do it when things slow down, starting later this Summer?    Right. We're going to do not thinking of those, we're going t do virtually nothing to the business at the United through their peak selling season, which would be through June/July, okay? And the only activity  but we'll do a lot of planning, we'll do a lot of integration planning with the United management team, as well as ours, so that we know what to do, or what we want to do later. But we will be busily working on purchasing initiatives, because there are global purchasing strategies that we can enjoy quicker than that. And we'll also be working with the IT groups on systems integration, financial systems integration, and then ultimately ERP systems integration that will again take place. Most of that will take place after the key season is over.    Okay.    And so in terms of impact on our fiscal Year '05, this deal will be  is accretive, then it will be slightly accretive to our fiscal Year '05 numbers. But the synergies are really going to flow from this deal in '06 and '07 and in years to come.    And a lot of the implementation and the distribution (ph) will also be late '05, early '06?    Yes, it will be in the second calendar half of this year.    Right.    There'll be a lot of work done.    And my last question is, given how you've  with the timeframe how you spent on United, and all that  and I know you're going to provide us with a lot of details in February  but overall, is your view still that you should be  barring any acquisitions  the way you're seeing the businesses go, and combining them, and all of your planning, you still see a close, but a current of de-leveraging  barring any acquisitions  on a full pro forma basis by the end of the fiscal year?    Yes, that's new projection, as you saw on our Remington acquisition, we took off one whole turn of leverage in the first year of ownership of that business. It's our projection, let me caution that, but that is our expectation that we'll be able to do the same for the United acquisition.    Great. Thank you.    Mr. Hussey, at this time I do show we have three minutes remaining, and a total of five participants in queue.    Well, let's take a few more questions.    Thank you. Jonathan Deringer, Capital Group.    Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. Can you just give a sense for what Varta did in the first quarter?    We really don't designate Varta versus Remington versus Rayovac anymore since it's so integrated into both our European and Latin America business. But, I think, really, if you want to take a look at Varta, I'd take a look at Europe's results.    Yes.    But there is Remington results in Europe also.    Okay, also on the issue of standards, I didn't quite understand exactly what the meaning was. I know you talked about the variances and the shift, but in terms  did you move anything out of SG&amp;A into COGS?    No, no, no.    No, no. This is a normal process every year of adjusting your standards for your products.    Yes, think about it where for 90 days where we see cost improvements, those types of things, just basically sits in inventory until you roll that product out through the normal sales channels. So what we're saying is we're seeing good year-over-year cost improvements that are currently sitting in inventory that'll get basically washed through in the next 3 to 6 months.    But we loaded all of the bad news, or even the projected bad news that we might, that we think might occur throughout the year in our standard costs, but we put none of the benefit, which we have already identified that far outweighs the bad news that we've loaded in, that we'll generate this year. Those will flow out in the subsequent quarters as inventory flow.    Okay, and if I could just ask a couple quick ?    That's very typical standard costing systems.    Yes.    That makes a little bit more sense. If I can ask a couple quick housekeeping  cash, tax, and interest for the quarter?    Interest, $17 million was interest, and I don't have the cash, tax number; it was very low.    Okay, thank you.    Raiza Fahad, Lehman Brothers.    Good morning. Just to recap what you said, you expect the raw material cost to rise about $20 million in the year.    No, no, no. Let me go back. Let me go back.   (multiple speakers)    It  cost went up for many materials that manufacturers used last year. So during the year we saw cost increase. When we projected our standard cost for '05, we rolled those higher costs into the standards. There's about $13 million worldwide in our battery business. We, as a part of our culture are continuously looking for ways to improve our efficiency, and reduce costs. We have a whole series of initiatives laid out for the year, some of which are already benefiting us, others that will kick in later in the year, that will total over $20 million of cost reductions.    Right.    The net net over fiscal '05, we actually will see from a manufacturing perspective lower costs.    Got it. But on the raw material side, are you now hedged, are you lost, or are you in the stock market?    We've seen  our belief is that in most of these categories the peak occurred last year, and we've actually seen moderation, or leveling off of those cost increases. So, we don't see right now, sitting here, any exposure to our business.    But at the same time, you're in the stock market?    No, the only place we do that is zinc. That is a commodity because we use so much of that in our battery manufacturing. We do hedge that to protect ourselves.    Got it. Thank you.    Ron Pellish, Banc of America.    Ron Pellish. Hi, guys, it's Ron. I'm not sure if you have this on the tip of your hands there, but could you give us the sort of pro forma, apples to apples, organic kind of constant currency sales for the fourth quarter? First quarter, sorry.    I think we mentioned that the Euro, which is probably the most significant piece, contributed $18 million in year-over-year sales increase.    Okay.    I would use that number.    Thank you. And also on the acquisition front, there's been a lot of discussions about that. I know you really can't talk about these things in detail, but can you say whether or not you're sort of poking around on something now? Is something potentially feel imminent?    No, we can't say.    We have to close our acquisition first.    Well, that comment in and of itself is helpful, because this is like the topic dujour.    Right, well, it'll have to remain the topic dujour. You know, we've got our hands full closing this acquisition.    Yes.    We've been very honest and forthright after we announced this acquisition, as we've had investor meetings, investor calls, stockholder meetings, bank meetings.    Understood.    That we will continue to look at things that we have an interest. We have an interest in the pet category. We think there's some rollup opportunities that could exist. But for a sort of like-size acquisition like United, you know, don't plan on us to be in the marketplace for a while. We got our hands full.    Very helpful. Thanks, guys.    Carlo Casella, JPMorgan.    Hi, this is (inaudible question - highly accented language). Can you give us some idea of the  in your batteries division, what is the percent of sales that comes from heavy duty batteries versus alkaline batteries? And also some idea about the price and margin differential between these two?    It varies tremendously by region of the country today. So if you go to Latin America, you know, probably 80 to 85 percent of our sales are zinc carbon versus alkaline, and that's just because of the nature of the market there. In North America, 95 percent of the market is alkaline. I think less than 5 percent is zinc carbon, and that's our sales probably model that pretty closely.   In terms of revenue, an alkaline battery will sell for, it depends on the pack size, etcetera, etcetera, but an average may be 3 times what a zinc carbon sells for, and obviously, the amount of margin dollars that you get are greater with an alkaline battery than with a zinc carbon battery, just because of the pricing dynamic. So, as manufacturers, we like to sell alkaline. Zinc carbon is a very low price point product that again, it fits certain parts of the world, but we don't think it's the right kind of a battery to be selling in North America.    Actually, out of the total battery sales, total general battery sales, which would be round cell batteries around the world of about $260 million for the quarter, $180 million of those are in alkaline. It's (technical difficulty) about 2/3 or so of our general battery business.    Thank you. That's it.    Operator, why don't we just take one more question. I think we're past our hour, and then we'll close it up.    Follow-up, Joe Norton, Banc of America.    Okay, I'm sorry, Dave, just quickly. You probably mentioned this, but could you comment on the EPS, your comfort with the range for the second quarter?    No, we didn't comment on the quarter. We've tried our best to get away from specific quarterly guidance. And you know, last quarter, because it was so big and so new, the Remington integration, we gave some guidance, but as we did last year in the first quarter, but we really don't have any other guidance to give you on quarter (indiscernible).    Okay, thank you.    Yes. Okay. Well, again, thanks. I appreciate your all's time and continued interest in the Company, and look forward to seeing many or all of you on February 15th at our annual investor conference, where that we will lay out much more detail about the United acquisition, and our early integration plans, particularly in the areas of cost savings, and cash cost, etcetera. Again, thanks, and have a great day.    This concludes today's Rayovac Quarter 1 2005 Earnings Conference Call. You many now disconnect.
(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) John Harmon.    I have two questions for you. I apologize if you mentioned this, but could you walk us through again how operating margins, pro forma operating margins, deteriorated sequentially in Optoelectronics and Fluid Sciences, though those two businesses were up sequentially? Hello, can you hear me?    Say that again, John? Sorry.    Optoelectronics and Fluid Sciences revenues were up sequentially; yet your pro forma operating margins decreased somewhat. Can you talk about each segment and what hurt margins sequentially?    Yes; I guess what I am looking at, John, from LAS's perspective, sequentially operating margins are up pretty significantly. Also, are you looking at a sort of 17.9 to 17.1?    Yes. Looks like Fluid Sciences went down a little bit too, sequentially.    I think what you're going to see is we spent about $4 million more in R&amp;D in the quarter. So that's  we're starting to ramp up the R&amp;D increase in '05 over '04. We started to experience some of that higher R&amp;D spending in Q (technical difficulty).    Okay, thank you. My second question, you talked about flashes for cell phone cameras as being a second half of the year phenomenon. I know you are designed into a couple handsets already. Is this predicated by when these handsets ship in volume, or other new design wins?    John, I think it is more predicated by the volume growth in it. We have a fairly large volume base in here. So it is being driven by the adoption of higher-resolution CCD imagers and CMOS imagers into the phones, and that is underway now. We expect to see more benefit of that in the second half, by the time you get to (indiscernible) some type of a volume measurement.   It is  we are being designed into a broad range of potential customers. So not just a couple, but significantly more than that. We think that is when you begin to see the volumes.    Okay, thank you very much.    Darryl Pardi.    In the prepared remarks you mentioned that you're seeing improved demand in liquid handling, high-throughput screening, and drug discovery. Could you elaborate on that? What customers? Is there quote activity? You're starting to see orders?    My comment, Darryl, was the fact that if you look at the growth in Q3 year-over-year versus Q4, or actually the contraction that we saw in Q3, all three of those businesses improved relative to Q3. I would say that probably the most significant improvement we saw was in liquid handling, where sequentially that business is up I would say over 50 percent.   I would say some of that is new products that we're starting to get out in the market. I think some of that we believe may have been some pent-up demand, that people decided to spend in Q4. So I would say that was the most significant one.   I would say in the case of our reagents and drug discovery, we have had a concerted effort to try and get back some market share we believe we lost earlier in the year; and we're starting to see that. That was up probably sequentially 20 percent in the quarter. In drug discovery, high throughput screening, I think we saw some really nice growth particularly in our EnVision productline, where we actually had a record shipment number of EnVisions, which I would say is a more modest price high throughput screening instrument.   So I think we are continuing to see nice growth there and hopefully continue to see that into the first half of '05.    I know we touched on this, Rob, on the December call, but the 2 to 3 percentage points of additional revenue growth you think you could get from acquisitions, that is not included in your EPS forecast for this year; is that correct?    It is not.    Okay, great. Thank you.    (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Paul Knight with Thomas Weisel.    What was the growth rate of your molecular diagnostics business?    You know, when you say electrodiagnostics, Paul, it is a small segment line. So we don't really break it out.    I guess I should describe it then as your diagnostics business in general, which I think is, what, over 100 million?    Okay. I would say the genetic screening business. I think Rob gave that number.    That was 19 percent, Paul.    Did you not land a large contract from the state of California? And when does that kick in?    We did, and the state of California takes about 6 months to get the laboratories fully up and running before they can go in into volume testing. So we expect that in the middle of the year.    Are you optimistic about any particular other state legislation or initiatives, Greg?    You know, we are. We're very optimistic about all the states, and about the market. But in many states they have not gone public with the discussions or they're in sensitive stages. So we don't like to comment on a particular state until then.   But I would say if you stand back from the marketplace, there is a very strong momentum to move everybody to a 30-test standard of care. As I mentioned earlier, 90 percent of the states test for 10 or less. So we see that ramping up quickly across a wide range of states.    Do you expect a typical level of seasonality on the analytical instruments side of your business, with the big sequential slowdown in Q1?    In that business, the strongest quarter is always the fourth quarter seasonally; the second strongest quarter is the second; the third is the third; and then the weakest is the first quarter.    And you see that still continuing?    Yes. I think it is sort of the rhythm. I think it's the rhythm in the marketplace that is out there. Part of it has to do with budget releases too, at the end of the year, which always comes through in the fourth quarter.    Any tone as well on the NIH budget side? And the change there in order flow in the fourth quarter? Also what is your thought on that NIH-driven market, Greg?    I don't think we saw much change in that, Paul, going out there. Overall I would say, first of all, we didn't see a lot of change in the NIH flow one or way or another. Our expectation here in the general market environment is that the economy continues on a tempered recovery overall, which helps most segments.   Within biopharmaceutical I think that is really driven more by new product introductions. Because I think while the biotechs and the academic research market continues to move along fairly consistently, that the pharmaceutical companies are really in the midst of a transition away from the big blockbuster model to a specialized medicine model.   So there is going to be restructuring going on in that industry for some period of time. We think therefore it is really driven around identifying the right growth segments and feeding them the new products. So I think that is really the recovery mechanism in that segment, where I think everything else has got a little bit more or a tailwind from an economic recovery.    Okay, thanks.    Larry Neibor with Robert Baird.    It's actually Tom Russo for Larry. A question going back to the neonatal screening market. One of your competitors today also spoke with optimism about that market. I was wondering if you could comment on the competitive landscape for capturing the growth of neonatal screening?    Who was that?    Waters.    Actually, Waters has been a partner with us going into the marketplace. So we agreed with their optimism. If you look at the California project, we did the California project in conjunction with Waters. They supply the tandem mass spectrometers and we supply the complete system. So we are using their tandem mass spectrometer instruments in our systems and a number of these new programs that are going into the state.   So I think what they said is parallel with what we're doing because we are using their instrumentation in a number of these installations.    Okay. Secondly, I just didn't catch the guidance on the interest expense line for 2005. Could you recap on that?    Interest and Other we're forecasting to be about 35 million. That would be down about 5 million from the level it was in '04.    Okay, thank you.    (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) John Sullivan. with Leerink Swann Investments.    Congratulations on a terrific fourth quarter. I had a couple of quick questions. First regarding some of the fastest-growing markets that you have seen in recent quarters in Asia. Can you just comment on the growth rate in those markets? And are you seeing any change?    As I mentioned earlier, we saw Asia up about 3 percent organically in Q4. That is a little misleading in that one of the things that impacts that is the photoflash business, which was down fairly significantly. I think if you pull that out, we would have grown in Asia probably high single, low double digits.   I think going forward, I think we are fairly optimistic. If you look specifically in China and India, which is two countries that we spiked up, both of those grew sort of mid 25 percent in the fourth quarter. Granted, it is still off of a relatively low base; but we're still seeing very nice growth in a number of the areas within Asia.    Okay thanks. Shifting gears, regarding 2005 cash flow, is it your intention to continue to pay down debt? Or what are some of the other uses that you might have for free cash flow in 2005?    We are getting to the point where there is not much more debt to pay down. As I mentioned our balance on our term loan is 70 million. Beyond that, we would then have the subordinated note, which as may know is trading quite well in the market. So I would suspect we won't be buying that in.   Therefore, I think our priority really shifts more to the business development and acquisition side. As we have said in the past, I think there's a number of opportunities where we would like to make either productline extensions or technology add-ons. We have got a number in the pipeline that we hopefully can get concluded this year.    Okay, thanks. Last question, regarding digital flat-panel displays in Optoelectronics still being pretty strong. Can you just talk briefly about the competitive advantage that you may have in that particular product, that drives manufacturers to you in that product area?    We are largest in the marketplace, and so we have the industry-leading volumes; and I think we have the industry-leading products. It is an advantage that we have, that you will recall this product was codeveloped between us and our partner General Electric Healthcare over the last 10 years really. So we have a very significant presence in I will call it the manufacturer of the glass, the glass panels, in addition to the complete detectors.   So we have a fully integrated supply chain. We're kind of unique in that respect in the marketplace. We have a fully integrated supply chain to take it through to the complete detector level, and we have very significant volumes. We are the exclusive provider to General Electric, and we provide a number of other folks as well.   So you can look at a variety of technical measures in terms of frames per second or other speeds or sensitivity measures where we think the product is very good.    Thanks very much.    Steve Salamon with Infinium.    I just wanted to ask a little bit about tax; both what happened in the quarter and then if you could give us a sense of what you're expecting for the year; if you'd just go slowly through that explanation of the tax rate from this quarter that would be appreciated. Then any things that we should be looking for that might affect the tax rate one way or the other as we go through '05, please?    I think in the tax area we have had a lot of good things (technical difficulty) the last couple quarters. First of all we went into '04 with a lower rate than '03, largely driven by a better mix of income geographically and quite frankly more profitable. So as we became more profitable, we did not have foreign net operating losses overseas; and therefore that improves the tax rate.   So we went in thinking we were going to be down in sort of the 28 to 29 percent. I think as we got to midyear we felt were closer to 28.5, maybe 28. Then in Q4, we had a favorable resolution of a dispute we had with the IRS on some businesses we sold a number of years ago. That resulted in us being able to reverse the reserve that we had set up on the books back a number of years ago.   At the same time, as I'm sure you're aware, they passed a new law that allows corporations this year to repatriate one time foreign profits at a reduced rate. So instead of paying 35 percent you can now bring it back at 5.25. So we have made the decision to at this point repatriate the cash that is overseas. So if you think about the 5 percent cost of that, we provided that cost in the quarter as well.   That was about $1 million less than the benefit we received from the settlement of the IRS dispute. So therefore that impact was to reduce our rate in the quarter to something closer to 27 percent. For the full year, our tax rate will be 28.2. So it didn't have a material effect on the full-year tax rate but it provide us about $1 million of benefit in Q4.   Going forward, I think again because of the combination of our income as well as the benefit of bringing the cash back at the reduced rate, we think we can continue to put downward pressure on the tax rate. So as we go into '05 here, I'm fairly optimistic that the highest it will be is 28. I think there is an opportunity maybe to get it down to 27.5.   But we will just see how things go here as we enter into the year. Like I said, I think a number of positive things here on the tax side, and we continue to look to try and drive that rate down.    Just if I could follow-up with a couple of questions in terms of growth rate scenarios. Did you give the growth rate for instruments within LAS? Then consumables you said 20 percent; is that normally the consumable and reagent category that you refer to?    The 20 percent I gave was specific to the HTS or the drug discovery reagents. For reagents across LAS, the growth rate was about 8 percent. Instruments was 4 percent; and as I mentioned, service was 15. So that gets to the LAS growth of a little over 7 percent.    Got you. Then last quick thing, digital imaging as a percentage of Opto. Did you give that number?    I don't think we gave it, but it's about 25 percent roughly.    Thank you.    (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Vivek Khanna, with Argus Partners.    I was just wondering, can you give us the growth, if you might, between  the differences between North America and Europe? Are you seeing any difference in pattern within those two economies or geographies, I guess?    I'll ask Rob to comment here as well; but I would say from an economic recovery standpoint we think Europe lags the U.S., I think, in the  it sort of depends on which business you're looking at.    Maybe both, if you could talk about maybe industrial and then biopharma broadly.    I would just say relatively, I think for the LAS business we saw stronger growth in Europe than we did in the Americas this quarter. When you look at the Fluid Sciences and Opto business, they're heavily dominated by OEMs based in the U.S., of course, so we continue to see very strong growth in the U.S. there.    Vivek, across the Corporation, as I mentioned, the Americas grew much stronger on an organic basis than Europe and Asia. However if you look at it within the businesses, as Greg mentioned, in LAS Asia was the fastest-growing, Europe was second, and Americas was third.   In the case in Opto and Fluid clearly Americas were the fastest-growing by a significant measure. As I mentioned, particularly in Opto because of the decrease we are seeing in photoflash; that was actually down slightly in the quarter.    Okay. Great. Thank you very much.    Darryl Pardi, Merrill Lynch.    Rob, just first question, how many days were there additionally in the fourth quarter from the prior year?    There was 4 business days. Just to give you a sense of how that works, in '03, we closed the year on the 28th. In '04, we closed the year on the 2nd. So while there's 4 business days I want to point out that the days we're talking about are basically the     Holidays.     if you think about it, the holidays. So that is why we don't think it is a material impact. In fact we have gone back and tested this. So it really had a minimal impact on product. The reason why it has some impact in service is some of our  not all of our service business is contractual. So what we do is we amortize that over sort of a straight-line number of days.   So just the fact that there's more days provides some additional revenue. As I mentioned we think it is less than 1 percent of revenue. In fact, in the case of LAS, it doesn't even affect the percentage growth, because it still rounds to 7 percent even when you adjust for that service revenue.   So it was a fairly minor impact, but just wanted to make sure that people were aware that there was a couple extra days in the year.    That makes sense. With respect to the gross margins, your outlook for 150 basis points of gross margin expansion, besides the absence of some of the restructuring expenses you had this year, closing the Torrance, California, facility, what else leads you to that types of gross margin expansion? Is that (ph) 2 years of narrower gross margin?    I would say it is three things. It is first of all the point you mentioned, which is we had some cost in '04 that will not repeat in '05. I think the second aspect of it is the growth of, let's say, 6 percent organic generates just on a variable cost basis improved gross margin.   I think the third aspect of it is if you look at where we expect to grow in '05  so whether it is genetic screening or imaging or consumer electronics  those have a tendency to be our higher-margin businesses. So we think if the growth works out the way we expect it to be next year or this year, we actually think we will have favorable mix on the gross margin line.    Okay. Thanks.    John Harmon.    I was looking at a couple of the growth rates in your LAS divisions, and the growth rates really accelerated in Q4. For example on the service business it picked up. Do you think you gained some share there?   Looking at genetic screening, the same thing happened. Do you think some of the states getting on board with the 30 tests could lead you to revise your intermediate-term growth rate for the business of 10 to 15 percent?    I think, just take both service and genetic screening, we feel very good about our competitive position there. There tends to be a little bit of lumpiness particularly in genetic screening just based on the timing of orders and so forth.   States' move into the tandem mass spec arena did not have a big impact for us in the fourth quarter. That is really more of an '05 type of a driver. So I would say, we remain cautiously optimistic on those businesses, but I will turn it back over to Rob. I don't think we are going to change any forecast at this point.    I think, John, as you pointed out, we feel great about the momentum we saw from Q2 to Q4 on the growth rate; but given it is only January it is probably a little early for us to start thinking about taking our forecast up. But the momentum is moving in the right direction for us; and we feel, as Greg mentioned, good about our competitive situation. It is a little tough this early, until other people come out with numbers, to really decide whether we're taking share yet.    Okay, thank you.    It appears that we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the conference back to Greg Summe for closing or additional comments.    Thanks, everyone, for your questions. We feel very good about the progress in 2004 and are optimistic about our prospects for 2005. We go into 2005 with a strong organization, efficient operations, a strong balance sheet, and a clear focus on our growth platforms. As we mentioned, we're increasing our investment in R&amp;D by 20 percent to accelerate the innovation and growth in our most attractive opportunities.   So thanks for your time today and your interest in PerkinElmer. This call is adjourned. Have a great day.    Thank you, everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. On behalf of today's speakers I would like to wish everyone a great day.
(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Hakon Lerstad.    ABG. Could you give us your CapEx plans for this year, next year, please?    I think I will hand over to Aarre Metsavirta.    Good afternoon from my side as well. This year our total CapEx will not exceed 400 million. Out of that we have some $230 million rollovers (ph) from the last year and next year our plan is to use more or less the same amount.    Sorry, did you say you have not more than 400 million this year but you said something about .    I said that the total CapEx this year will be 400 million but out of that 400 million we have 230 million rollovers from 2003 and 2004.    I see. And for 2006 you say still 400 or 400 minus ?    We cannot promise to use more than 400 million before we see that the overall situation has improved.    Okay, thank you.    Dennis Christie.    Goldman Sachs. I'd just like to ask a question on the graphic paper and specialty business. Can you say why the loss is still so big, I mean even if you add back the exceptionals? My question is really are there any paper machines that really need to be closed because they're unprofitable?    One thing which is causing pretty big losses for the moment is that we have not had the operative efficiencies and the cost levels and so forth at a good level in our (indiscernible) operations in Germany. And that's why we announced last December pretty big restructuring program for those operations both (indiscernible) and reflex (ph) mails (ph). That is one reason. Also there has been some cleaning of the house effect during the last months in that business area, but it's not that big thing.  So that all in all we need to improve the profitability in coated fine papers. We need to improve our cost efficiencies pretty much. And also to utilize our capacities in a better way. We have still certain mills which have been operating on a totally unsatisfactory operating ratio. Both are needed  pretty extensive cost saving measures and also increasing revenues.    And with the cost-cutting measures you're taking, do you think those mills given something like a 5, maybe 8 percent price increase over the next couple of years will achieve their cost of capital?    Yes, that is definitely our target. In those mills, like I mentioned, the plan is to really get them back to the reasonable profitability levels, but they need major cost-saving majors and also increasing of the revenues, both (indiscernible). But we have a concrete plan to make that happen.    So in terms of your 200 million cost-cutting plan, how much of that relates to some market improvements and how much relates to actual reduction in costs?    Of this 200 million it is  the main part is something from pure cost things, cost type of things. Pretty little is related to the market situation and operating rates.    And what do you expect the amount of cost to be taken out for '05 and what sort of run rate would we see by the end of '05?    It is extremely difficult to estimate today what is to be an (indiscernible) cash flow effect for 2005, but our internal target is that the value of the measures which will be completed by the end of this year, it is about half of that 200 million target.    Thanks very much.    The value of the measures.    Thanks very much indeed.    Mathias Carlson.    Deutsche Bank. I have a question here regarding the cost savings program as well. How much extra cost do you need to take this year in order to achieve the full 200 million?    Certainly there will be some one time costs related to these programs, but we have not any clear number to give you. But we are not speaking about many tens of millions what is needed to make them happen. Certainly there will be some cost reserves we have to do to make new programs to happen. We have published some of them but new programs will be published when we are ready to publish them.    Just to remind you that in the extraordinary items or the nonrecurring items we booked an amount of 29 million including the (indiscernible) and the Map restructuring which will actually  the benefit will be received this year and the cost was already reserved for in the last year books.    Okay, thank you.    Harri Taittonen.    UBS. A question on the graphic's division, just on the results on the volumes; their very high deliveries, very high sort of growth or record deliveries there and low operating rate looks like it's an even bigger discrepancy than usually for the fourth quarter which typically means some destocking. But what happened there? Could you explain why this difference was so big and how low or high your inventories are at the moment for this division?    If you take the year-end inventory situation for magazine papers and coated fine papers, they were at the normal level.    Okay. And is there any particular reason why the achievements were this high? Was it related or was it because of the ongoing price increases and can you explain that? Or was it sort of exports or ?    I think perhaps there were some stocking effects because of the price increases, but we didn't see any major, major effect from that or because of that kind of reasons.    Okay. Maybe just a final question on the same theme that there have been some differing views and according to some of your peers suggest that they thought that coated fine inventories are fairly high and that might make it difficult to raise prices for coated fine papers. But you seem to be a little bit more optimistic on that front.    The situation is that we know that we are getting through some price increases. As mentioned, about 3 percent will be achieved by the end of first quarter compared to the situation quarter number four last year. And most probably we will start discussing about new rounds in March. But we don't have any more accurate information about that. But that is a clear need and that is our plan but let's see how we can proceed.    Okay. And just a final question on the carton deliveries, there's more steady growth there in volumes. Do you see that to continue at  so the growth continue there or will volumes stabilize? And then also in the quality mix I think there must have been some changes during the last year or so in the price mix for the output?    Yes, it was a little bit exceptional year last year. We are not expecting to see that kind of growth figures for this year compared to last year. But some growth is expected to happen in these sales volume of (indiscernible) and boxboard. No major changes as far as sales mix is concerned regarding different qualities.    Thank you very much.    Richard Nilsson.    Enskilda Securities. Just wondering about  just clarify this on the cost savings because you say in your report that you have increased your estimates from the cost savings, but it's still only 200 million. Do you mean they will now come quicker than you anticipated before?    That is right. You have noticed right that when we were selling our shares and presenting our corporate story last autumn our message was that we will achieve 200 million by the end of 2006. Now we have increased that target by about 30 million so that we achieved 30 million last year and we still have 200 million as a target by the end of 2006.    Okay, great. And is this basically 230 million now is the whole savings?    Sorry?    It's basically 230 million now your total cost savings expected from this (multiple speakers)?    Taking into consideration years 2004, 2005 and 2006.    Yes. But full impact first in basically for 2007 as a full year.    Exactly.    And then just following up with Harri's question, some of your competitors who announced results yesterday talked about the coated fine paper prices basically stable and uncoated under pressure while you talk about prices being up, which some of your other competitors also said a bit earlier in the week. Could you shed some light on when you say (indiscernible), have you signed some contracts already at that or is that still sort of an estimate on the price development?    That is to a big extent a fact. We know what is going to happen. There are agreements that we will get those price increases through. They are not only estimates for today.    And when you say 3 percent, is that 3 percent end of Q1 versus end of Q4 or is it average Q1 versus average Q4?    No, it is end to end.    And then just a final question on paperboard. When you talk about 3 percent higher prices, roughly for what share of your paperboard volumes would that be affecting? Is it the whole sales volume?    Yes, that is the average change for the whole      division      volume. We have certain agreements and certain parts of the businesses where we have totally fixed prices for the whole year for 2005, and then we have some parts where the price increases are bigger and so forth. This close to 3 percent is for the whole mix of folding boxboard products.    And then one final question just on to attain a positive result in the second half of 2005 how much further price hikes do you need than the 3 percent for coated fine paper and 3 percent for paperboard?    Some more is needed.    In both grades or ?    And of course that means also that office paper prices that we get at least a stable situation.    Thank you very much.    Michael Dixon.    From (indiscernible). At the end of last year in the final quarter most of the major producers were looking to get their coated wood free prices up. Did you succeed in this in any way?    We started our processes at the end of our October and we met pretty tough situations. We got a little bit through during last year, but the (indiscernible) main effects of those earlier mentioned increases, they will come  they will go through during the first months of this year.    During the first months of this year. And this would be for ?    Our intention was much higher because we announced that from late October and onwards our aim was to increase the prices by 5 percent by the end of the year and that was not any great success.    And so now you're looking to  basically last year in November you again made an announcement saying you're looking to increase your coated and uncoated woodfree prices and January by about 5 to 8 percent. How is that looking?    That is not looking so promising. During last year we got through some percentages, but today those percentages  they have more or less disappeared. And our aim is really to stabilize the situation on our part and, of course, there is a major need for all of us to break the trend.    I understand that uncoated woodfree prices just have not even stabilized; they've dropped over the past couple of months. But has there been any success whatsoever on the coated woodfree side? Could you manage to get your prices up by 10, 20, 30 Euros or so or not too much success there either?    Yes, like I said, compared to last December, by any in the next March we will get as an average in Europe 2  close to 3 percent price increases.    I'm sorry, coated 3 percent, coated woodfree. And uncoated, any sign of some stability do you think by the end of March or is this looking unlikely as well now?    That is almost impossible to estimate. The main target is for today to stabilize the situation and then to do everything what could be done to begin the price increasing processes again.    So hopefully in the second quarter then. Hello? My other question was would you be  with regards to Kemiart Liners, what are your plans for Kemiart Liners? Do you plan to keep Kemiart Liners in the long term? Was it something you're looking to selloff in the future?    Yes, our plan is to keep Kemiart Liners and we have started a program to further improve the quality so that our competitiveness in the future would be better than currently.    That was pretty much all the questions I had. Thank you very much. Thanks.          ABN Amro. I have a question on the merchant division. If I check the average EBIT over a longer time period it's very close to 0, but in the fourth quarter adjusting for non-recurring items you had an EBIT of in excess of 5 million. I wonder if you could shed some light on how the business performed in the fourth quarter and what we should expect in the quarters ahead? Thank you.    It was pretty much business as usual for Map margins during the last quarter. Nothing special happened then. What has been  the short history of Map is that those guys have been able to improve the cost efficiencies of that part of the M-real Group. And like you noticed, last December we published a new restructuring program concerning especially our operations in the UK where we have still some problem units and those processes are going on. And our aim is to improve further the operational efficiency of Map Merchants.  But to your main question, whether there was anything special worth while mentioning during last quarter, no. It was pretty much business as usual. That was the profitability level where Map is.    And is there any sort of seasonality that we should be aware of now moving into the first quarter or should we actually expect as good a result moving into the first and second quarters?    Of course the fourth quarter you have very good months like October and November, but at least half of November. But the Christmas period affects also the paper merchanting. So that I don't see any major changes when comparing quarter number one and quarter number four. Perhaps a little bit weak as an average during quarter one but no major changes.    And when you're talking generally about the restructuring costs, could that also include Map Merchants group in 2005? I'm talking about the next four quarters?    No. we don't have that kind of thought  not that kind of plan that we would publish any major new restructuring programs for Map affecting to our costs. What is going on is that UK (ph) process and we reserved about EUR5.5 million for those purposes in our books for last quarter last year.    And one final question. On your other operations line in the EBIT, could you give some guidance as to what we should expect going forward? It has varied quite significantly over the quarters in the past.    In the other operations that is actually a typical pattern that it tends to change from one quarter to another. But I think  I'm just taking the average figure for the  I think the average that we have seen during 2005 should be relatively close to what we see next year. I think that there are not any structural changes.    The only structural change as far as other operations is concerned is that we are not getting any more of those net incomes coming from forest assets. So that the profitability  effect of that transaction will be about zero. We are not getting the net income from the sale of forest, but what we are getting instead of that the positive effect on our net financial items so that the profitability effect all in all will be about zero.    Excellent, thank you.    Thomas Brodin.    From Smith Barney here with a few questions. First of all, tax rate for 2005 now excluding goodwill amortization, what should we be using?    If we don't include or actually disregard the certain small tax-free income we are having the relatively good rate to use is 28 percent.    Okay. As you mentioned, now you have reduced your CapEx plans so that's quite interesting because it's almost a couple hundred million over this combined 2-year period. Is that a reflection for your desire to maximize cash flow and pay down debt farther or is that a reflection that compared to 5, 6 months ago that the outlook is weaker?    That is not reflecting any changes as far as our estimation of the future profitability is concerned. That kind of overall consideration  what is a good level for next coming years. And like Metsavirta told, that this year is will be close to  about 400 million and for 2006 we are planning to go ahead also with the same level.    So basically now when you have been in charge and, of course, in conjunction with IFRS view that you can turn around the Company with less cash to spend, that's sort of the view?    I don't want to comment too much on that, but that is basically the need what we have considered to be appropriate for that kind of purposes. And the policy is, like told before, is to really be critical when picking up those different projects as far as CapEx is concerned. To really concentrate on those short payback type of projects. That is the main reason.    Okay, two final questions. One on the dividend policy. You've now established a 12 cent dividend. Should we be viewing this as a stable dividend going forward or would that dividend level  is it sort of you'll decide to raise that again when earnings are going up?    Yes.    Raise it if earnings are going up, yes?    Yes, this is not any kind of taking position that this is a stable level, of course. If the earnings are getting better, of course our intention is to propose better dividend. But that is everything I can comment here.    That's fair enough. And then finally, on the incentive program, could you say anything on what's sort of the trigger point? If it's related to the EBIT and return on capital employed targets? What kind of targets do you have for the 116,000 shares to be awarded to the management? What kind of level do you need to reach and is that a target for 2005 specifically?    Not going into details, but to get the full package of the shares which is now available we need pretty, pretty big improvement in our profits. It would be clearly, clearly positive pretax profits and major improvement also as far as return on capital employed is concerned. So that the target level is pretty high to maximize that share amount for coming to us. So the ambition level is high.    Excellent, thank you.          Credit Suisse First Boston. Listening to this call we're talking about restructuring assets just about everywhere, everything from the graphic side to Kemiart Liners. How much investment do you need to spend to have your marchine park (ph) in good shape so you're competitive and where you would be pleased?    It is a long-term process. It is totally impossible to answer with short sentences what is needed to get as a basis in a much greater shape than where it is at the moment. We are pretty happy with that level for the next 2 to 3 years.    We're hearing from (indiscernible) obviously that they're rebuilding a number of machines and they said four machines in the first quarter of 2005. Rebuilding machines, the way they do it anyway, is very costly, i.e., you actually do hit your P&amp;L by doing so. Do you expect to see that coming through those kind of rebuilds that will actually have a substantial negative effect on your P&amp;L?    Our CapEx are mainly of the type that we are debottlenecking and making different kinds or smaller changes to improve the efficiency, quality and so forth. We have pretty much potential in that kind of thing. Also, to a little bit utilize better present frameworks increasing, a little bit of capacity here and there, we have pretty many of those kinds of ideas where the risk level is pretty low and the return opportunities are pretty good. But no major rebuilds are planned for the next couple of years.    With regards to your capacity utilization, which obviously continues to be quite substantially behind your competitors, and, again, with your status of having a relatively older machine park, wouldn't it make good sense to actually shut down some old machines to refocus the cash where it's really needed and operate the more efficient machines at a higher rate?    Yes.    It is true that last year we had somewhat lower operating rate than our competitors; but during the last quarter it wasn't so big a difference any more. And we expect to have quite good operating rates also this year.    A follow-up on that question. How has the new year started? Have you seen any signs that there was consumer stocking at all towards the end of last year? And if so, if order books that are weaker now or orderings were not as strong? If you could comment on that, that would be interesting.    Perhaps taking today's situation, the order book situation is a bit, bit weaker than during the strongest month during the autumn period. But not that kind of change of the whole picture. It is on a very good level still.    And if you were to compare it to the same period a year ago?    Much better.    Interesting. Now finally, when you say you expect to still show a small loss and then you lost 21 million on a clean basis with a comparatively high cost quarter as the first quarter  fine paper tend to be good in the first and somewhat higher prices. What is making you to believe there will be a loss in this quarter as opposed to a small positive?    The overall price situation and especially the currency situation. The U.S. dollar is at so a weak level and we are having pretty much dollar based business. And those cost-saving processes, they take their time before they are seeable in P&amp;L.    Thank you.    Johan Swahn.    Handelsbanken. My question was actually asked last; maybe I could extend a bit on that. The dollar has stabilized or even strengthened a bit recently and you expect 3 percent prices up and you expect  I mean, you have goodwill amortization would be no more in the P&amp;L. Are there any other costs that will go up in Q1 that we don't know of? That's the first question. The other question was regarding the folding boxboard prices, we saw them tick up a bit on your graph there in Q4. Is that a mix issue for you or is that market prices that went up towards the end of last year?    Yes, if you take our overall cost situation Q4 compared to Q1, there are no major changes to negative direction. We saw some major increases in our costs coming from latex prices and other oil derivative products what we are using in paper products and wood prices no major changes. A little bit freight prices perhaps are higher than during the quarter number four. But we have to be pretty accurate when calculating the profitability as far as prices are concerned. Like set that the price level will be higher at the end of Q1 compared to the situation at the end of Q4. The average price Q4-Q1, that won't be that big difference.  And then going to paperboard, paperboard  we are not expecting when thinking about the sales structure of folding boxboard product, there won't be any major changes Q1 compared to Q4. Perhaps we've got a little bit positive affects when doing the final closing of the books for our paperboard business. They reserved a little bit that kind of sales cost. And so during the year a little bit more than what was needed so that we reverted a little bit that kind of things to Q1  Q4, but the effect was for us a minor one.    There is one additional thing when considering the Q1 result is the currency hedging impact. We have to remember that we had a very successful period in Q4 where the income from the derivatives was relatively good. And the closing rate for the dollar was very high, which means actually that in Q1 we won't have any such gains from the hedging instruments.    Okay, I understand. Thank you.    Charles Spencer.    Good afternoon, Morgan Stanley. I have 3 questions. Just I wanted to come back on CapEx and make sure I have the right guidance. Are you saying you're going to be spending 400 million in 2005 and 400 million in 2006? And was this a change in prior guidance?    Perhaps that has been a little bit  we have been a little bit worrying our estimations. During the summertime, we said that for this year we need 400 million, and we thought that perhaps we need for 2006 EUR500 million. But during the autumn period, we have changed our message, which is exactly like Mr. Metsavirta told; this year about 400 million and about the same amount for next year. That has been the history of our messages regarding CapEx amounts.    Right. Okay, thank you very much. The second is on the bond amortizations due in '05 and '06. Can you give an update on what is coming due?    Repeat the question, please.    Looking at bond long-term debt amortizations over the next two years, can you update us what will appear in the annual report when that comes out, please?    There is actually  if we start from the undrawn credit facilities, we have actually renewed the 700 facility, replaced it with a 500 million. So, in that sense, we don't have any pressure. On the other long-term debt side totally 2005, 2006 is about 400 million together.    Okay. If earnings and your cash flow doesn't improve, it looks like CapEx will be just below depreciation. How will you be paying down your debt amortizations and perhaps servicing a dividend under such a, I guess, a worst-case scenario? Would you envision further business divestitures?    What we have on our list as far as divestitures are concerned is the carton part, carton  how to say  plant, what we are having, having 3 carton plants. That is the only major thing still on our divestment list, and what is the actual situation there is that we are studying the market situation whether be any demand for that kind of assets. Otherwise, divestitures will be comprised of smaller things. But of course, we are cleaning the house, seeking for all opportunities to divest all kinds of noncore or nonproductive assets. But no major single things in addition to those carton plants.    And if I could ask a follow-up. UPM and Metsabotnia are talking about this pulp mill in Uruguay. If that were to move forward would you need to contribute capital to that expansion?    No, perhaps here it is good to repeat what has been our message regarding participation on that Uruguay project. And that is that we are studying in a positive way that opportunity, considering it in a positive way, but we don't have capabilities for the moment to go into that project. Also, in a strategic point of view our intention is not to increase our exposure to market pulp so that if we participated in that interesting project we need to pre (ph) some pulp capacities and also to make room in our balance sheet for that type of big project.  When we are consolidating Metsabotnia, which is the Company possibly making the project real, we get why that consolidation  a big part of the project in our balance sheet and our indebtedness ratios would be under risk so that that is the strategy regarding Uruguay pulp mill project.    Okay, thank you.    Miles Olsa (ph).    UBS. I was just wondering on the cost inflation side what do you expect the percentage increase in your overall cost base to be year on year in 2005 given the higher energy chemicals and transport costs? Before your cost savings programs?    When we talk about basic chemicals, like pigments for example, we have a long-term contract which means that the maximum thinkable increase in prices not more than 1.5 percent. And on the energy side it is clear that the energy prices will not go up at this stage when there is rain most every day in Scandinavia. So in that respect also I think we are on the safe side. And as Mr. Anttila already told you, when we talk about oil-based chemicals like latexes, the price trend today is downwards, not upwards from the fourth quarter.    So the percentage for the year as a whole you're looking at 1 or 2 percent?    I don't think that on average it's more than 1.5 percent excluding labor negotiations which are still open.    And what's the typical increase in labor?    Now we're talking about only the Finnish side of labor negotiations and the other part of our operations we have already signed the contracts and they are normally between 1 and 2 percent units, but we have also signed contracts where the overall costs are below zero.    And I was just wondering, on the CapEx side, are you  and if things don't work out and prices don't start to move upwards are you prepared to finance your CapEx plans through increasing debt?    No, that is not our target. The target clearly is, for example, for this year to have further development of our net debt amount that the target is to really  not to increase that absolute amount.    So would you hold back on some of the projects if the free cash flow didn't come through from the operations?    Yes, and we have certain opportunities also when speaking about operating networking capital and so forth to finance  more profitable things.    Just finally, so the uncoated fine paper market, I was just wondering why it's so challenging and why prices are falling and what needs to happen to get that market to turnaround?    Of course this kind of pretty healthy demand is development is needed and two other major things are needed as well. One is that  which will help a lot in that kind of development and one is that pulp prices will go up. Market pulp prices going upwards, that of course helps that kind of processes. And also what is important here is that, especially when speaking about European market is that U.S. dollar  if that appreciates in value from today's level that supports especially uncoated fine paper price increase processes.    Thank you.    (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Richard Nilsson.    Could you say what the depreciation was in 2004 and roughly in the fourth quarter please?    The goodwill depreciation on an annual basis 2004 was about 40 million, a little bit more than 40 million. I don't have quite the figure, but there was actually nothing  nothing abnormal on Q4, so basically that should be about 10 million on Q4.    Thank you.    Hakon Lerstad.    You were talking about divesting carton plants. Could you indicate what kind of proceeds that would give you?    We are studying the opportunities whether it is feasible to sell those carton plants. Then speaking about the possible amount of money, what we could get of that kind of divestment, it is very difficult and I don't want to, at this phase, give any guidance to the market.    Could you indicate how much revenues are currently in those plants?    If I remember correctly, it is somewhere at the level 120 to 130 million is the turnover coming from those three carton companies.    Okay. Thank you.    (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)    Thank you very much.    We appear to have no further questions.
[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Your first question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.    Thanks. I wonder if you could talk about what changes you might be seeing in the Chicago market with the change of management at the Hammond property? What you might be seeing differently in the market there?    Robin, we're not seeing too much difference other than it is a difficult market given the tax situation. It continues to be very competitive, and because of the high tax rate in Illinois, frankly, we were not able to do our normal marketing programs that we think would generate more revenue and profitability for our property, as well as all the properties in Illinois.    But outside of that, with the change in management at the Hammond, Indiana property that you are not seeing that has any change on that property's marketing anything like that?    You know, Robin, we have actually got 6 people here in the room and everybody is shaking their heads, including our Senior Operations person. No, we're not.    Okay were great. Sounds good. Thanks.    Your next question comes from Dennis Forst with Keybanc.    Good morning, talking about Illinois, do you have any thoughts on the upcoming July potential change in the tax?    Somehow I knew this question was going to come up.    You should have a good answer then. [Laughter].    It's interesting because we obviously try to evaluate constantly all states and we were talking about this last week and everybody who  at our Company's focus on it sort of shakes their head and says, it is a matter of what the Governor is going to do. And so he has been making comments, but not talking specifically about gaming, and I think this will be a hot issue going forward, but really we can't handicap it for you.    Okay. Dale, do you have the capital expenditures for the fourth quarter and the year? And maybe an outlook for '05?    Yes. For the quarter, the CapEx were just over $15 million and 75 million for the year.    And any outlook for '05?    Not other than what we had talked about previously. Like I said, we  we've agreed not to give guidance, although I would say generally that, we are going to maintain our cap  our maintenance capital program pretty much on par with where it has been in the past. And the Kansas City project is moving along the schedule that we talked about previously with the garage expected to be, open sometime later this summer and then the hotel by kind of the end of the following year.    Most of the capital for the hotel would be in '06.    Gotcha. Okay. Then lastly, the nonoperating cost, that 2.8 from the merger and then the offset, where were those costs in the income statement? Or the cost in the ?    The tax piece is in the income tax expense line. The rest of it are in SG&amp;A.    Okay. But the ?    In the corporate expenses.    But the $0.03 deductibility of Indiana was  is in income taxes?    Income taxes, yes.    Okay, great. Thanks.    Your next question comes from David Anders with Merrill Lynch.    Hey, guys. Dick, could you clarify  I missed the Lawrenceburg commentary about the CapEx. You said it could have been 150 million, and that was with or without the  a $50 million credit. What did you say exactly?    David, we had indicated earlier that the alternatives that we were looking at we anticipated project costs in the range of 150 million before the $50 million subsidy. Our focus now is a project that is somewhat bigger than that to include a new boat and additional parking. And we can't give you more specifics on the capital this time because we are still working through some of the project scope, as well as working with the Coast Guard and the Corps  Army Corps of Engineers, and the Indiana Gaming Commission, and we will have more guidance on that throughout the year. Does that help, David?    There is no response from that line, sir. I think he disconnected. Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin from Jefferies &amp; Company.    Hi, guys. It's actually David Barron out of Jefferies. How are you? Just a quick question. Do you expect there to be any disruption at the Kansas City with the hotel expansion or no?    Well, when we went through the project 2 years ago,  a year and a half ago, there was disruption of about 5 to 10 percent of revenue. We anticipated the  much lower because of the phasing. There could be some disruption. We don't believe it will be that significant.    Great. Also I see your corporate was a little bit higher this quarter than we were expecting. Was that just  a lot due to the merger or ?    A lot of that is, yes.    Okay. So that's good. That's pretty much it. Thanks so much.    Your next question comes from Ryan Worst with C.L. King.    Hi, thanks. Dale, do you just have a capitalized interest number for the quarter? And the rest of my questions have been answered. Thanks.    Yes, it was  there was nothing in the fourth quarter.    Okay, great. Thanks.    [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Your next question comes from Sanford Schmidt with The Telegraph.    Yes, can you explain for the layman, the person not involved in the financial markets, the tax situation in Illinois and how it affects your operations in Illinois, particularly Alton? And whether the tax situation affects the viability of those operations?    Let me briefly comment on it and then we would be happy to talk to you in more detail, since I think most of the people on the line understand this.    Right.    But a year and a half ago, Illinois increased the tax rates that made it less profitable for us at the Illinois properties, as well as for our competitors. And we thought the best way to operate that was taking a series of operational changes, including reduced number of hours, changing the mix of gains, as well as how we market. And all those factors have resulted in net lower profitability, really driven by the higher tax rate in some mitigation by the other actions that we have taken.   And we look forward as an industry for Illinois to bring taxes back into line, certainly with what other states have done, because we think it would result in a win-win situation. So  but we would be happy to call you and talk to you more about that.    Okay, thanks. Do that, please.    Your next question comes from David Rainey with Akre Capital.    Yes, thank you. Sorry if I missed this earlier, but what did you spend on maintenance CapEx this year? And can you break it down into the pieces that are related to Ticket-in/Ticket-out and those that are not?    Our total maintenance capital for the year was about $40 million. In general, probably in the range of 25 to $27 million of that was for slot or slot-related projects. Including not just the games, but also redemption kiosks and things like that related to TITO.    And most of that was then for TITO?    Right.    And so, therefore, you would expect that spend to have a useful life much greater than a year?    Yes.    Yes. [Laughter].    Okay. So the difference, which is about 15  13 to $15 million?    Approximately, yes. It is just other, upkeep on the property.    Sure.    Things like that.    And so I believe you said earlier in the Release that you think you will be close to 100 percent TITO where you want to be by the end of '05?    We are essentially 100 percent TITO now with the exception of Baton Rouge.    Okay. So would we expect that your spend rate on the 25 to 27 million for slots and slots-related activities in '04 would be the same in '05 or would it be different?    It is down slightly, but we continue to spend capital to keep the games fresh.    Okay.    Because we have found that that's the best way to generate revenues and profitability.    But it would likely be lower going forward because you are almost 100 percent done?    But you are always spending money on slot profits.    You typically have to  we have always replaced approximately 20 percent of our games every year.    Okay. Super. Thank you.    At this time, there are no further questions.    Thank you for joining us. And the Management will be here today and if you have any additional questions, please call us. Thank you.    This concludes today's Argosy Gaming Company fourth-quarter 2004 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.
(Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gallagher from Evercore.    Steve, just a question on the separation. You mentioned the complexity that may delay the timing. Just a question on that. Do you still feel confident in the structure of the transaction in terms of the dividends, the capital for each business? Or do you see the delay being more administrative complexity?    Tom, nothing changes in terms of our expectations other than the timing. In the timing, I used the word months, I didn't use the word quarters. It is the complex transaction. We're working closely with our regulator. There's a lot of information to impart. We're working very diligently and provide the information as fast as humanly possible, but it is a large volume of information and analysis that is going on. So that's what's resulted in the expected delay from what our initial thought was, which was made many months ago, many quarters ago in terms of an expectation around timing. Once you get into these transactions and you see the complexity associated with them, you see what occurs in terms of amount of work that has to get done to make sure that everything is detailed appropriately and analyzed appropriately.    Okay. That's helpful. And then just a question on expenses to make sure I have my head wrapped around these. So John, the  if I'm understanding the flow of the strategic expenses for RemainCo, that would imply you still have another $260 million to $270 million left for the balance of the year that would come through operating in Corporate. That was my first question on expenses. And then also on Brighthouse, I just want to get a sense for how much of the kind of annualized $200 million increase in expenses this year is embedded in the 1Q result.    The answer to your first question is yes. That's what you would expect for the year. And could you share the second question again? I didn't quite get that.    Yes. In the Form 10, it indicates Brighthouse expenses are expected to go up $200 million in '17 versus 2016 levels. And I just want to understand how much of that planned increase is embedded in the 1Q number? Is any of that  or is it a small amount? Just some indication of how much is in the 1Q number?    Probably about $30 million of that is in Q1.    $30 million on an annualized basis?    No, $30 million in the quarter. It's $200 million annually.    In the quarter, building to like $50 million quarterly run rate?    Yes. Yes. Yes.    Okay. So a little more than half.    Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Krueger from KBW.    My first question was in regards to the changes you made to the derivatives program, should we expect any impact to your ongoing benefits from some of the low interest rate hedges that would come through  that would have been coming through operating earnings?    Not  there's not a material change to the benefit that we get from those hedges. Of course, rates are higher now so we get less benefit, but those are still essentially there.    Okay. So no material change, I was interested in interest rates moving. Then just secondly, coming to the year, you had guided to $450 million to $650 million of corporate losses excluding the expense initiative cost. Does that outlook change now that you've lowered your consolidated tax rate outlook?    Yes. So we expect still to be within that range, and  but we do expect the lower tax rate for the year now.    Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.    First, just had a question on the derivative losses. Obviously, the derivative loss declined significantly from 4Q but were still relatively large. So I was a little surprised with the loss in interest rates in that. Rates were generally flat or lower depending on which part of the curve you look at. So just wondering what caused that? Was that related to sales of some of the hedging positions or something else? And then how the GAAP loss in hedge  on the hedging program affected yours  or whether it had any effect on stat capital.    So there's a few things going on, Jimmy. First is although the 10-year treasury dropped a little or was almost flat quarter-to-quarter, swap rates were up a little bit. So there was some noise from that. That's asymmetrical and noneconomic, but you get the GAAP noise from that. And you will also had some strong equity markets in the quarter and you get some GAAP noise from that as well. We also, as we pointed out, had some hedge ineffectiveness in the quarter and that impacted the total GAAP net income.    And then just in terms of the changes you implemented, I'm assuming you changed from swaps to swaptions as you had discussed before, but did you  is that correct? And how  if you can discuss some of the other changes that you've made. And whether you've changed the size of the hedge program, whether you made it bigger or smaller.    We actually did a variety of things. We were able to get some more statutory hedge accounting for some types of derivatives by changing their technique and structure. We did move from a few different instruments like that, and we have accomplished our primary goal of making stat capital for RemainCo less sensitive to changes in interest rates. And as you can see from the numbers and the breakouts, RemainCo has the sensitivity across the board. And in terms of equities, it is relatively insensitive. I mean, there's always movements. And every time you look at these results every quarter, there's a lot going on in a quarter when you have derivatives as well as variable annuities. There's the time decay of the derivatives. There's the age in the portfolio. You have basis risk, or what is known as VA hedge ineffectiveness. So all these get grouped together. So there are sensitivities going up and down. We've minimized that but there's always  there'll always be some movement here due to all of these factors.    Okay. And then lastly, just you mentioned the strong sales in Asia  in Japan, I think, up 8%. To what extent do you view this as sort of a turn in your sales since results have been pretty weak the last few quarters versus maybe some front-selling related to the discount rate changes that are going into effect in the second quarter?    So let me try that. It's Chris Townsend here. So Japan sales were up 8% year-on-year and this is driven primarily by foreign currency life sales growth that are up 51%. As you know, we made that shift in the end market probably in July at the end of '15, beginning of '16. We also had very strong growth in Asia, which is up 6%. So as the foreign currency business now makes up about 70% of our total life sales, and we think that's fairly consistent as a mix going forward, then as a number of our competitors have pooled their life products and changed pricing following that reserve discount rate change, we're seeing customers and agency push much towards the foreign currency life products, and we're very well positioned to provide those, given the breadth of distribution we've got. So we see that as a fairly consistent theme. We probably did benefit from around (inaudible) sales pre-repricing because all the products were  we repriced in April. And as you know, following that reserve discount rate in the sort of financial year, and you'll expect sales in this sector to fall off in the second quarter. But overall, we're very comfortable in terms of Japan sales. But it’s too early to sort of list our guidance of that sector at the moment.    Your next question comes from the line of Erik Bass from Autonomous.    In Group Benefits, can you just talk about the competitive environment? And where are you seeing the best opportunities? And given relatively strong industry results in recent quarters, you're seeing any uptick in price competition?    This is Maria Morris. First of all, I just want to say we were very pleased with our group sales results in 2017. It's a competitive market. As you know, it's always competitive. But having said that, I'd say that life and disability has been rational. We've seen a little bit more of an intense competition in dental, especially downmarket, but overall, we feel very comfortable with the market that we are in. You probably saw that we had strong growth and strong persistency. We've been able to get our renewal actions, and overall, it's been a rational market.    Got it. And then one thing to clarify just on the pace of buybacks, should we expect it to slow at all until you receive the dividend payment from Brighthouse? And I'm assuming that $3.3 billion to $3.8 billion is contingent on the transaction being approved? And it's also  are there any restrictions to you being in the market around the time of the transaction?    No, we don't anticipate any change in the program that we put in place. Between our existing cash reserves and earnings, we believe we're on track for the program being completed by 2017.    Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan from Wells Fargo.    And just to follow up on Erik's question around the share repurchase. As I understand it, there was kind of a bright line test that RBC couldn't fall below 400%, and it sounds like whatever happened with hedge losses in the first quarter didn't bring you close to that. But is that 400% applied to the statutory entities related to RemainCo? Or all of the current MetLife?    Well, RBC's only measured once a year. And so we're confident about our long-term projections. We always knew that there's a lot of pluses and minuses as you do this restructuring, unwinding reinsurance transactions, you see the pieces moving back and forth. And the Brighthouse tentative RBC, we haven't done the debt infusion yet from that. So there's been a lot of moving pieces here, and you have to look in  if you take that into account, we're strongly capitalized across the board for all of our businesses.    Okay. That would be great. And then just on MetLife Holdings, the results were stronger on a normalized basis than I would have thought. I mean, broadly speaking, should we think that in quarters in which you have  you see favorable equity market performance that MetLife Holdings will not runoff as quickly as you guided to?    Well, there is a block of VAs in MetLife Holdings. And so in favorable equity markets, you have better fees on an ongoing basis and that will continue to be one of the factors.    Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Crédit Suisse.    My question's about the group insurance business. Steve, it's been a long time since I can remember you sort of starting off the conference call talking about or highlighting that business. Given your size and scale there, particularly at the large case market, is there anything beyond further economies of scale that you think you could gain from a large acquisition within that business line? And relatedly, why do you think you're seeing more success particularly in the jumbo case market? Has competition declined there? Or have you just gotten a bit more aggressive?    John, as for the first part of your question, we always look at any opportunities out there in the marketplace. And the group business is one in which we have a very favorable view going forward, and it has been a strong part of our company for many decades. So if there's opportunities in the marketplace to make an accretive acquisition, we certainly are going to be quite interested in looking at that. Maria, do you want to take the second part of the question?    Sure. In terms of where we've been investing in group insurance, I think we're seeing the benefits of our investment in our growth. So as an example, we've been investing in our voluntary benefit platform. And so we are seeing large groups as well as medium-size groups really gravitate toward carriers both for the core benefit program and to offer voluntary benefits to their employees toward carrier like MetLife, where we're in a position to do that. We've talked historically about benefiting as an example from the exchanges. We're, in some cases, the only nonmedical carrier on the health exchanges. And I think going forward, the other place we really put investments is in our ability to ensure that employee records are secure. So a lot of work in our security platforms. That's been very helpful up market as we've looked to bring on new Group Life and disability business as well.    So Maria, is it fair to say that when you talk about really strong growth in sales at the jumbo case market that a good chunk of that is actually voluntary and not employer paid?    It's actually both. I would say that we've had a very strong sales quarter up and down in the market, so double-digit growth in the jumbo market. But we've had high single-digit growth in the regional market, and as you know, small market is actually not seasonally first quarter focused. But even there, we've had strong growth. We've had growth in both our core business and our voluntary business. Our voluntary business is up double digits from a sales perspective. So overall, a very strong sales quarter for group.    And then a question for John on the change in the hedging strategy implemented at both Brighthouse and RemainCo. Can you give us some sense as to the duration of the program that you've put in place now? And how often some of these hedges need to roll? I'm just trying to understand how the new instruments compare with some of the older hedges. I'm not sure if you even still have them that had extended into the 2020s.    So on RemainCo, the duration is about the same, and it's basically some longer-term hedges mainly in that. Brighthouse is like a 1- to 3-year type restructuring of hedges that they're doing. And they've made significant progress to get their hedging done now. So if you think about future sensitivities, we point out, look at the Form 10, those recently published, there's sensitivity for VA as well as ULSG in there, and you can see both on a stat and a GAAP basis what the special sensitivity should be going forward.    No, I understand that, that disclosure is there. I was just trying to understand duration and maybe the risk of having to roll.    It's  so for Brighthouse, it's about 1 to 3 years.    Your next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Citi.    Just want to start with the stat capital. I guess, it was down about $1 billion from year-end, despite not taking any dividends out. So John, can you just walk through the mechanics in terms of why the capital was down?    So it's only down $500 million from $24.6 billion to $24.1 billion. And as I said, most of that is Brighthouse Financial. And they had  some of their restructuring caused less sensitivity to the reserves. The total CTE95, which is what they're really hedging to in their strategy, is still at the buffer when we take into account all the transactions that will happen. So on a pro forma basis  but as of March 31, you've seen partway through the restructuring and all the steps that have to happen. So you're seeing this as sort of the low point, and as I said in my script, it's up significantly from March 31. And that there would be a whole series of further transactions that have to happen to get there. So we gave you sort of the pro forma view of it and they expect to be like a [6 50] RBC pro forma for all that as if  if all that has happened as of March 31.    Okay. And then just another question on the updated Form 10. Two of the changes were that the debt-to-capital of Brighthouse is now going to be 25% and then the CTE95 buffer has gone from, I guess, around $3 billion to $2 billion to $3 billion. So can you just discuss why those 2  what drove those 2 changes?    So the first, Form 10, all the calculations, the values as well as all the core assumptions and projections were all done as of June 30 last year. And the updated Form 10 is as of December 31, and things change a lot between June 30 and December 31. So there's a series of changes, and I think Brighthouse will be a dynamic company in how they manage their business, and that's reason for that. Still strongly capitalized and will provide good value over time to shareholders.    Okay. And just one last clarification question, if I could, on the 9% ROE target for Brighthouse, is that the guidance for sort of out of the gate? Or is that more of the longer-term expectation?    I think what happens in Brighthouse is for the next little while, it is about that type of range because of just how kind of GAAP works, and  but their key focus is to build up over time to reduce the hedging cost to start getting cash out of the company. And that's  the key focus is to run it mainly on statutory basis.    And your final question today comes from the line of Humphrey Lee from Dowling &amp; Partners.    Just to follow up on John Nadel's question regarding kind of your appetite for group market acquisition. Given your capital position, like what size of the transaction will you be more comfortable in doing it without kind of seeking external capital?    Humphrey, well, first of all, we certainly will have some capital in reserve for acquisitions. But please remember that we do acquisitions that are of larger size like the Travelers deal back in 2005, the ALICO deal in 2010. We would access the capital markets for any funds necessary above and beyond we hold at the holding company and just important to reiterate our philosophy on acquisitions. They have to make sense strategically in terms of what we are planning for the company going forward in the direction and businesses we want to be in. And second of all, they have to be accretive for our shareholders and create shareholder value. They have to earn more than their cost of capital, and at any point in time when there's an acquisition opportunity, we'll look at the capital markets and what it would cost us to raise capital and what kind of returns we'd expect from acquisition, including synergies, and we make a determination in terms of what we're willing to pay for that business.    Got it. And then just a housekeeping question, do you have any updates regarding the dividend stopper in some of your debt costs right now?    Well, we do not believe that this will be a factor going forward. We have steps that we can take, if we need to adjust for this. So that's something that we have a plan for if we need to execute it.    And at this time, there are no further questions. So I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Hall.    Thank you, everybody, and we'll talk to you throughout the quarter. Goodbye.    Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Eastern Time today through May 11. You may access the AT&amp;T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 407066. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&amp;T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.
(Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.    Maybe just on the guidance front, it sounds like the $0.02 beat in the quarter was really the reason you guys raised the low end. But I mean, on the core, I didn't see any assumptions change on guidance. Was there anything behind the $0.02 beat relative to your expectations?    Well, relative to expectations, we talked about, I think last quarter, that the accelerated vesting would be roughly $0.04 a share, that wound up being about $0.03 a share, so that's about $0.01 of it. It was actually  if you rounded it, it was probably more like a little over $0.005 a share differential. Part of it was operations, and then part of it was in other income.    Okay. But just nothing significant enough to push either occupancy assumptions or same-store?    Not at this juncture. I mean, if you think about where we are, I mean, the same-store, as we reported, was kind of  was in the middle of a range. So I think we're still comfortable with that range and have not updated it. So  but then again, it's a little early in the year. But that's something we'll continue to evaluate as we go through the year. But overall, when we look at the first quarter and the range we had for the first quarter, where we came out, we felt comfortable increasing the bottom end of the range, up by $0.02.    Maybe I'll just add a little to that. When you look at the core, we exceeded the core on our rent performance from what we guided you to in December. Rents were good for the first quarter. We had strong volume in the first quarter. That was terrific. We had a bit of an uptick in occupancy, but relatively, candidly consistent with what we thought would happen in the year. As Chris walked you through, there  not that  I mean, there's anomalies every quarter, sometimes they're in your favor, sometimes they're not. But there were 3 things that we would have been maybe at the higher end of our range. Let's let a little bit more of the year go by and then we'll decide whether we want to revise assumptions on our core. But we're clearly comfortable feeling that the year is better 1 quarter in than we thought it was going to be in terms of revising the low end up.    That's fair. And I guess the one thing we've seen from your peers is you guys all have had pretty good retention rates and occupancies this quarter, even though you're pushing rates harder. I'm just curious, conversations you guys had during the quarter, the amount of pushback that you got from tenants with these rent increases versus maybe your ability to push even harder as the year goes on and maintain occupancy.    Yes. Yes, no, that's a great question. If you, in fact, if you recall, last quarter, the fourth quarter, I think we had 80%-some retention and we had, again, I forget what the  12%, 13% rent increases. So that was like  that's sort of perfect, right? I can keep my good customers, and I can charge them a whole lot more. That sort of work. But the answer is, in many of these markets, customers don't have a lot of options. And it gets  it's  we always like to talk about the big numbers in the markets and big vacancy rates and how much is  all these, but in the end, it's very granular. The real question is, I'm a 400,000 square-foot customer, the lease is coming up, my option is to renew in place or to move. How many 400,000 square-foot spaces are there in my submarket? None. 1, 2. It's not quite what I want, plus the cost to move. So I would say, almost across the board, these are conversations that can be  they would prefer not to see the rents go up, but they clearly understand where the market is and so that's kind of how it plays out. Yes.    Okay. That's helpful. And then just one clarification. The new supp, by the way, it looks good. I'm just curious, Page 20 and 21, the same-store versus the fully stabilized, what is being excluded from the fully  or can you kind of give more color on what the fully stabilized really reflects?    The fully stabilized is intended to incorporate same-store, plus any properties that would have been shell-complete as of 1/1 of last year, that would have subsequently stabilized. So if you look at the reconciliation at the back in the definitions, you could see the breakout of same-store and then adding to that an adjustment for any fully stabilized properties that would have stabilized since the prior year. And that's something we're intending to continue to update as we go through the year, so evaluating any new property stabilized as we go throughout the year.    Your next question comes from the line of Manny Korchman with Citi.    Bill, thanks for the  or guys, thanks for the commentary on the transaction markets. A couple of questions related to that. Just where do you guys stand on the $200 million and $350 million dispositions that you had in guidance? And a second one to that, you mentioned a lot of Class B products on the market. Does that make you more or less inclined to add some of your product to that for sale pool?    These are all good questions, that you think about a lot in this current market. I'll take a crack, and Mike, if you want to add to it. So we're still comfortable with the $200 million and $350 million. If you recall, it's not quite batch funding, but the concept is we've got a development pipeline we're going to have to pay for. So that creates a capital need. We have an acquisition target that we'd like to see if we could do. And so, to some extent, it's the acquisition number that creates the variability in the disposition side. But I think what you'd see is that we would be disposing of  probably, there would be  tend to be, I think, of somewhat of a bias, that some decent amount of that would be office. There's still some office product, I think, it will make sense for us to dispose of. But there well could be some industrial product in that mix, to your point about the B market strong, that might create  give us an opportunity to do a little sort of fine-tuning of the portfolio around the edges or take an asset that just sort of sits kind of alone in some submarket and doesn't kind of rationalize the portfolio. So you'll probably see a mix, but I would tend to say it would be biased a little bit more on the office side than in the industrial side. Is that fair, Mike?    Yes, I think.    Yes.    And Chris, and maybe a very specific one on guidance for you. How much are you seeing for lease-term fees for the rest of the year?    This quarter, it was around $1 million. I think it's about 7  probably $750,000 a quarter, $750,000 a quarter going forward as far as a run rate.    Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.    So Bill or Chris, going back to your comments about some of the onetime or less-than-normally recurring items that influence your same-store NOI results for industrial this quarter, should we expect that to not be there, not be evident in 2Q going through the rest of the year? So maybe we get that, so that 3% same-store NOI growth run rate for industrial?    Well, I mean, I think we've talked about this. I mean, given the fact that you're looking at same-store in 3-month increments, you're always going to have some anomalous items. In this particular quarter, even though the U.K., for example, is just under 2% of our industrial portfolio, you had a significant move in the exchange rates, from I think it was like $1  GBP 1.42 to the dollar last year. And if you recall, it dropped off pretty significantly in April, May time frame. So that had an impact. And then we just happen to have a couple other items going the same direction this quarter. But it's not something that I would anticipate will continue. You'll probably see some of the U.K. drift over into the second quarter, but it should be less pronounced because the average would have been coming down in 2Q '16.    And then to some  maybe just a broader picture. If you look at the lease expiration schedule for your industrial portfolio, generally speaking, you don't have more than about 13% coming due, I'm excluding 2017, by the way, any given year. Is part of the challenge that you just don't have enough rolling in the portfolio? So even though spreads are 17%, it doesn't hit enough leases to get that growth to post that growth, that 3% growth?    That's a very fair comment. I think if you've got one big ingredient, which is how much can you affect? And that's the roll. And the second ingredient, which is obvious, is where do you stand on occupancy? Because the degree you have empty space, that can affect it. And we're actually like 97% on a signed basis on the industrial portfolio. So even though it's at 96%, I think something, for the quarter, that's on a commenced basis. But in terms of what's left that isn't spoken for already, it's 3%. So I got 3% there, and I got 13% rolling, so I got 16% I can affect. If I can affect the rents, our range was 9% to 11%, we were  this was a great quarter at 17%. Even if I  if we keep posting 17s, which would be terrific, and we'd love to do it, you can do the math and see what it does and it gets you a couple of points of  if we can move occupancy, it will get you a little bit more. So I think from our perspective, it feels terrific. I mean, candidly the portfolio is doing exactly what it should do, stay well occupied, throw off good rents, development is great, I think, so  but that's right, that's  those are the 2 factors.    Your next question comes from the line of Tom Lesnick with Capital One.    I guess, first, and I'm sorry if I missed it, I know you alluded to it in the prepared remarks, but I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail on U.K. and what's going on there.    You mean as far as the other income?    Yes. The other income as well as the homeland sites and just on the aggregate.    Yes. Why don't I take a crack at that? So we've got, in the U.K., you basically have 3 buckets. One bucket is some stabilized real estate that's in Kings Hill, that's in a JV. You see that listed, it's got its own little column back on the JV table. We get 20% of it. Not significantly material, it wants you to take only 20% of it. But that's one bucket, right? A second bucket is the fact that we're now in the shed business for the industrial business there. So we own a series of warehouses we acquired by the Camden transaction, which was great. They have seen very nice rent increases as there's been  every time there's been a roll in them. We also, last quarter, yes, last quarter, commenced our first U.K. industrial development. So you will see us trying to grow that portfolio and not dissimilar to the U.S., we think, at the near term, the way to grow it is built. So don't be surprised if you would see us try to build a few more buildings over there. That's the second bucket, so we love that we're there. The third bucket of activity is basically getting a planning consent, land approvals, which is, in fact, a very impactful way to make very significant dollars in the U.K. So we've done that, as you noted, in Kings Hill. So there, it's on the residential side, where we have gotten approvals for land that U.K. homebuilders acquire from us and then they build homes. We are partners with the County of Kent in that transaction. So when they pay us, those proceeds get split. I think, recently, we've had a sale that's like north of GBP 2 million an acre, might have even been close to GBP 2.4 million, Mike, yes, that's my recollection. So that's a pretty handsome number even if we only get half of it. And by the way, we have to pay for infrastructure and other stuff, so don't  but that's  that happens. And then the other place it can happen is places like Cambridge. So out in Cambridge, we go out, again, with a partner. We were able to get a large track approved that then became the home of the Medical Research Council. It then became the home that AstraZeneca's building their world headquarters. It's the home of Papworth Hospital. We are now constructing on a to-own basis or  we signed the lease and then we  it was a presell, so a building for a company called Abcam. And then the University of Cambridge, Cambridge University, I guess, I ought to say, acquired some of that land also. So what happens, and then there's other places we're looking at doing, what happens is, those land sale profit recognitions come in, in a slightly lumpy way. It's a little bit of accounting and it's a little bit of revenue recognition depending on how they transpire. But when you look at them as a production line of expertise and capacity, we have been posting millions of dollars  pounds translated into dollars out of the U.K. every year now for several years. So we view it as one of the 3 prongs of our core business there. A little bit of office in Kings Hill, a growing shed business and then a land entitlement land profit business.    Got it. That's very helpful. And I think it was mentioned that the $0.02 was expected within guidance. Just wondering, for the remainder of the year, what else is penciled in?    Well, I think you should  we should have some amount of income that will continue on that project through the remainder of the year. And it just will not be as significant. It should start to trail off a little bit as we go through the rest of the year. We also have the RKL project we talked about, but I don't think we're expecting very much, if anything, from that project during 2017.    Got it. That's helpful. And then separately, I know you guys talked a bit about the 2 known office move-outs this quarter impacting occupancy. Is there anything else that we should expect for the remainder of the year that's known at this point, as we think about just mapping NOI for the remainder of the year?    In terms of sort of a typical occupancy bump, sort of that kind of thing?    Yes.    You could have  here's what's going to happen. When you're at 97% signed, you could have a situation where you get a 500,000 square-foot expiration in an industrial  asset at a quarter. You re-lease it, but by the time  you do a little bit of teamwork or you do something as they put the racking in, they don't commence until the next quarter and you get this dip effect. But in terms of anything that's going to sort of get vacant and then sit there as a long-term drag, I'm not aware of anything. So there could be little  I mean, there's a build-to-suit we did and that company's moving into the build-to-suit and they're going to leave behind some space. Every one of those spaces has a company moving in. They may not move in the exact date they move out, so you could have, as I said, sort of these gaps, but nothing big and material that is affecting the flow.    Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors.    First, the build-to-suit that you executed this quarter in Dallas, but the cost basis seems somewhat high. Can you explain the mechanics of the deal and what the yield is?    Yes. So it's a customer that would prefer to remain nameless, so we're going to respect that on behalf of the customer. I think  Mike, is it a 20-year deal?    Yes.    It's a 20-year deal. And so it's somebody who's in the logistics part of the business, except they take things and they come in and then they go out. So it's a little bit about the nature of what they do in the facility. And I would say it's a very handsome yield. I think it's double digit, if I recall, low double digit, Mike? Okay. It's  you'd like this deal.    Okay. Not bad. It's double  okay. That's helpful to note. Just from an accounting standpoint, can you translate the GAAP release from spreads on a cash basis, the 17.5%?    About 8%.    8% cash? And then a final question before I jump back in the queue. So this looks like your first Southern California development project. Can you explain the investment and strategic rationale for that deal? I mean, it's certainly outside of your core markets. Southern California, the fundamentals are certainly very healthy, but it's also super competitive and there's an ample amount of supply in Inland Empire. So if you explain what your rationale is and what your thoughts are investing further in the market going forward, it would be good to hear your perspective.    Eric, we've been slowly growing out there and we're probably a little over 2 million square feet right now. And this is an opportunity that was presented to us where we can to buy an entitled piece of land. It's in the Redlands. It's a building that's about 155,000 square feet. And we're very comfortable, but that deal size is very active out there right now. We put the ground, we bought the ground, I think, in the fourth quarter last year and put it into production this quarter. So I think we'll selectively try to  I'd agree with you, it's very expensive to play out there. We'd love to grow our asset base out there, but we're selectively and trying  prudently trying to add to our investment base there.    Your next question comes from the line of Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.    A couple office questions here. First, has there been any notable change in office demand across your portfolio in your markets, say, from 6 months ago?    Office demand. I would say that office demand in the Philadelphia Metro is consistent to up. Submarket is always  it's a little bit of variability. But there is  there's probably somewhat more prospects in the market than there was 6 months ago. And I think this is  I think, in our opening comments, we talked a little bit about sort of this general environment of positive optimism, it's a pro-business world, and I think people are out executing against that. We've seen it in Phoenix, for sure. We had the Rio Salado project. I think, originally, Mike, that was like a 7-year buildout. We have the last building under construction within less than 5, 4 maybe. So people are really sort of, I will use the term, sort of consumed that product pretty rapidly, so that I think there's still some good prospect activity there. D.C., I think, is a little bit more of a  a little bit of a wait and see. I mean, obviously, there's a lot going on in Washington right now and how that all shakes out is yet a little bit to be known. In fact, it manifests itself in where's the GSA going long-term? And they are a huge player in that market. You get  you clearly have a sense that maybe defense and security firms might be a growth space. D.C. has had some decent tech activity. It's always a place where organizations need to be the lobby and pay attention to what's happening in Washington, and it seems like this is a very active time to pay attention to what's happening in Washington. So  but I think there's also a little bit of wait and see. So I would put that a little bit less robust. No, I'm not saying it's soft. I'm just saying it's less robust than the other 2 I mentioned.    Okay. And then just one last question here. Looking at the wholly owned markets. 8 markets on the office side. If you're taking any guess 5 years out from now, do you think that number is similar? Smaller? Potentially even more?    So it will smaller. That's the simple answer. Yes, so part of this is we'd like to be transparent, so we've got it all here. But I can tell you, for example, the Minnesota is a single  well, actually, there's 2 assets. I guess one work is under contract, Mike?    Correct.    One is under contract to be sold, and the other asset is a large facility on a 40-acre, am I right about this?    Approximately.    Approximately 40-acre site that's literally where they're going to put a new transit station as part of a new mass transit line. So we held that property because we believe that it's a bigger redevelopment  I'm not just talking about Liberty, it could be somebody else and that it might, well, get up-zoned. So we did not sell that as part of our disposition of our Minnesota suburban assets. So that sort of is the bulk  so that's why they're sitting there. Orlando is the same thing, there's a couple of assets...    We moved some of the flex.    Yes, that's  I mean, there is a couple of assets there that may not stay there long-term. Houston, there is a single building that if we get leased, we would not be in the office market in Houston. So this will shrink. There will be less markets. There's just a few assets that for various reasons need to get leased up or have the redevelopment play out, and then we will be there.    Your next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel.    John Guinee here. A few questions. On the subject of shrinking, you went through a great explanation, a very good explanation of U.K., and while you were going through the great explanation of your U.K. business, it  the question to ask is, is it really worth it going forward to keep it? So that's one question. The second question for Chris is great job on the NAV. How much on at a fixed cap rate do you expect this full disclosure on NAV to bump up people's NAV per share in your analysis? And then third, I guess, I'm not sure who, but in the office world, what's happening is you see a very demonstrative trend towards turnkey tenant improvements, paying all the moving costs and buying up rental rate with capital. You're in a relatively unique position here as one of the few office industrial REITs left. Do you see any trend towards excessive capital cost to buy up rental rates in the industrial business?    Okay. I'll do the first  yes, I'll do the first and the third, and then I'll turn it over to Chris on NAV. How's that, John? U.K. As  and you're right, I mean, I laid it out, so I'm not going to repeat it, sort of what do we see over there? And we think, number one, is that the industrial side is actually not that complicated an extension of what we do here on the industrial side. And in fact, 2 of the customers are within our domestic portfolio. And we've actually run into some other customers there. So I think it's synergistic. I don't think it's a problem. And I think it's  it is for the same reasons that the land development issue was there. It is a  it's not just supply-constrained by market, it's almost supply-constrained by country. So it's a very healthy-type market, and we like it and we think it can provide growth for us. On the land development part of the business, the entitlement and planning consent, that's something we have learned how to do there. We have a very positive reputation. We have a team. We have never really sent capital over on that side. In fact, it has sent  as I indicated, it has sent returns back to us. So we think it makes a lot of sense to leverage that and to get the returns that we can get off of it, and they're very handsome and very strong. So we think it's something we can get, and candidly, John, it's the kind of expertise and activity you execute that I think it's difficult to monetize. You're not monetizing a building or some land, it's really a capability. So we think we're really good at it, and we plan to keep it in the portfolio. On the question of turnkey industrial, which is a very interesting question. So you're right. Part of what's happening, and we all know what's happening, is that construction costs are going up, TIs can become more expensive, they can become a little bit of a shock sometimes to customers when they look at it. I would say on the industrial side though, generally, customers are fairly minimal in what they're looking for in terms of core  they're looking for an office, a break room, some restrooms, et cetera. When customers come to us and start expanding past that and start talking about could you give me  could you help put in the mezz? Could you help put in  in other words it's part of their business operation, and we don't view it as consistent with the intrinsic value of the asset. Candidly, you're not going to be able to rent that necessarily the next time around. We basically stopped. We're not doing that. And so generally, we've been  it's kind of worked out, and generally, people are taking the TI that's kind of in the base package, so to speak. And then they're investing from there forward. Mike, to you.    Yes. John, you might see that a little more in someone who has more of a merchant-build mentality. And with some high-credit tenants that come in that need the mezzanine spaces, to those testing, to and other things, somebody might be more than willing to finance that within a lease, knowing that they will turn around and flip that building and then get a much higher rental or face rental rate on if that gets capped. So I mean, it is out there in the marketplace.    And then Chris, you want to talk about the NAV question?    Yes, sure. John, on NAV, I mean, we've tried to present all the components here. And hopefully, we'll get to a truer computation of NAV, particularly on items where there is transition. If you're going  transitioning from a development property to operating property where you might not have fully stabilized operations yet, transitioning back to redevelopment, that type of thing as well as breaking out the tangible assets and liabilities. So we're hopeful that this information is helpful to folks and actually coming up with a more true calculation of estimated NAV.    So just a quick follow-up. So Chris, what does it do? Does it help people's NAV $0.10 a share or $3 a share? I'm just  I'm asking you the question more explicably.    John, isn't that your job?    Well, I already know the answer, I just want to see if you know the answer. Go ahead.    I was going to say, yes, I know that the struggles are generally in gathering the information of things that are not simple, fully stabilized, where there is nuances and transitions between different categories. So that's what we're really trying to achieve here.    And then Mike, as a follow-up, you mentioned the excessive TIs, excess of project costs and being a merchant builder. Does that explain sort of the numbers behind the Arlington, Texas deal?    It's very okay, John. We're okay. Yes.    Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Santos with Sandler O'Neill.    Just 2 quick ones for me. The first one is on the Comcast site, just given the shift in regulation for Comcast and other cable companies, are you seeing a change in their, like, their view of gross prospects in the future and maybe a change in the time line of the development of that third site?    Well, we have no time line out there for the third site. Look, they are a very large company doing very many things in very many spaces. So they obviously have their core cable business, but they've obviously entered the entertainment world with Universal. Their CEO, Brian Roberts, often says he views the company more and more as a technology company in terms of what they're going to be able to do with all the connections they have to all the places that connect with them and what that can provide in terms of a platform to roll out various technologies. They've talked about getting into the cellphone business, mobile phones, added to their hard lines in Internet and TV. So I think this is a company that very much is thinking about growth and that could manifest itself in lots of ways, and let's just see what happens.    Got it. That's helpful. My next question is more on the RFP process when you're dealing with a company like an Amazon. Do you find that they are more focused on price or geographic location and therefore, a little less price-sensitive?    Well, let's  I'm not responding about Amazon because I always protect the confidentiality of all our customers. But you've asked a very interesting question just generically. So let's talk about it generically. There are companies that will go to the market on an RFP basis for a build-to-suit and are very price-sensitive. In fact, they might not even want you to show them a picture of what the building is going to look like. They might want you to do nothing more than fill out a rent comps than grid, and they're going to make a decision on what's the better rent comps that they're going to see. Those people often are generally locationally agnostic, which is to say, "I just to be in Dallas somewhere, or I need to be in Chicago somewhere." Because they're letting you decide what you're going to charge them based on whatever land that you can get your hands on. Then there are people that have very specific logistic requirements  logistical requirements, that could be a consumer product person that's made some decision and draws a circle and says I need a building within 30 miles of the center of the circle in Central Pennsylvania, or I need this building somewhere in Atlanta or wherever. Or it could be an e-commerce person, last mile saying, "The only way I can do this is I need a travel time to hit the New York Metro and I need to be in North Jersey, or I need to be in Chicago and I need to be next to O'Hare," or something like that. If you control the site, you are more prone to be controlling the price because they need the site and that trumps everything because they've already decided there's a logistical reason they have to be there. And that may well be why Liberty often with build-to-suits will actually have higher yields than we will on spec development, which is counterintuitive to what most people think is the risk profile. But the reason is, because we happen to be in a situation where we have a location under control, that is the solution for a customer, and we're happy to solve that problem for them at a price that we think is representative of the return we should get for our investment in the site we control. If you're totally in a game, and it's a point Mike made a minute ago, if merchant builders are in this  are in the RFP process and REITs are in the RFP process and all of that, there is probably somebody who's going to win that on the basis of building the building and turning around in this very strong market and selling it for 25, 35 basis points better than the yield they got. We're not doing that. That's not our business model, but that  and therefore, we won't get that deal and we're happy not to get that deal. It's not consistent with what we're trying to do.    Your next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.    Could you just comment on maybe a new supply picture for some of your markets and maybe more specifically, for the Lehigh Valley? I know some brokers' reports probably split that market up into 2 different markets. So maybe a little  some details on like, are you more  or what percentage of Allentown versus Harrisburg in? It does look seem like supply is growing a lot. And I realize that a media company like Majestic is in control of a lot of supply and maybe more disciplined, but maybe just a little better picture on what's happening in those markets?    Yes, yes. Yes, so if you take some of the sources right now, they will tell you there's 11 million square feet under construction. And you've named 2 of the markets: Central PA and Lehigh Valley. There's actually a third market, which is sort of up Northeast Pennsylvania, up 81. So when people give you these numbers, they're taking a wider geography than just the, what we at Liberty will sort of think of as the core of the Lehigh Valley or the core of Central PA. So we now go submarket by submarket in the Lehigh Valley, which is an 85 million square-foot market in terms of quality NAV product. There's about 4.3 million square feet under construction right now, and it's 50% pre-leased. So it's not that much as that's out there, and candidly, one of them's our building at a 1.2 million  1.1 million, thanks, Mike. And then there's a peer who has a building out there, and there's like one other. There's 3 buildings. That is the entire under construction available unleased inventory at the Lehigh Valley. Very hard-to-find sites, so people are going to periphery sites. Going Southwest, further away, and they run into issues like labor and other things. Those are sites at the moment we're not as interested in. But that's the Lehigh Valley right now, 4.3 million. Central PA, which is a submarket of about 133 million square feet, has about 3.5 million square feet under construction right now. It's about 40% pre-leased. It's in a few buildings, but not that many. And by the way, the Lehigh Valley right now is 3.7% vacant. There are some people who think it will break 3% by the end of the year. It is so tight. Central PA is like 7%. Some people think it could go to 5% to 6% by the end of year. So I don't think there's any over-building in either of those 2 submarkets that should have anybody concerned.    (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Eric Frankel with Green Street Advisors.    First, can you comment on the land bank and the general compositional land bank. It's starting to creep up a little bit in terms of its overall value. I just want to get an understanding of how you're planning to monetize that going forward.    Yes, yes. So right now, Eric, we've got about 1,600 acres wholly owned and maybe another 300 acres in JV. They make up about 1,900 acres that make up the land inventory. It is capable of developing about 35 million, 36 million square feet of development in it of various  it depends on obviously what the land is, et cetera. There is some of this land which we're trying to actually market. So we actually don't  we don't have a long-term interest in holding it and we might be trying to sell it. And that could represent 100 acres to 200 acres over the course of the next several quarters. Let's see what happens. There's also, obviously, as Mike indicated, a pretty strong development market, build-to-suits we're working on, et cetera. If we could land some of them, they will eat up this inventory in part. You're getting a little bit of a kind of bouncing up and down. So in some markets, we're out of land totally, and so we are open to consider an acquisition because we see the potential for more development, whereas in other places, we have land that we can build out. So you saw it this quarter in Chicago, that a new development that started is actually a new site that we acquired, Mike...    Yes.    Last year, roughly. Infill site, we think it makes a lot of sense. We have great success on the first infill site, so that was an add. Whereas the building we started in Florida, it's in that  it's in our long-term development project in Medley. So there's still other pads there, Eric, so that's part of that inventory. To a degree, we are successful with the 1.2 million inventory building in Lehigh Valley. You shouldn't be surprised if we went to start another one. We settled, Mike, on a piece of ground in Harrisburg, and this quarter, or fourth quarter, now have commenced  are commencing construction on that. So some of this will happen relatively quickly. So generally, I would say it will generally trend down, partially by some sale activity and partially by building out some of it.    And related to Pennsylvania, is it fair to say that some of that pre-leasing activity that you're in post-quarter end was in Pennsylvania in your development pipeline?    It was not. No. No.    Oh, okay. Okay. A follow-up question, maybe for Chris. What are your balance sheet goals? It certainly seems that you're going to be a net investor this year and you're  assuming you don't issue any equity, your leverage is going to creep up. And so what are your balance sheet targets? Obviously, you had some sort of confidence from your credit rating  from the credit rating agencies, but are you satisfied with these leverage levels? Do you think they should creep  head down or head lower at some point?    I think we're obviously comfortable with where the balance sheet is today. We paid down a lot of debt last year. We laid out previously or at least near-term plans. If we're sitting here looking at $400 million, $500 million a year of development, maybe a couple hundred million dollars of acquisitions, we would likely look to match-fund the acquisitions with some sales, likely to fund maybe 40%, 50% of our development pipeline with sales and then officially, either from either available cash from operations net to dividend and/or borrowings, namely on the line of credit, and then terming those out over time, that's kind of how we're thinking about it from a balance sheet standpoint. And we started the year with 0 on the line that, obviously, we have $800 million of capacity. We can certainly let that creep up. And we don't have any maturities of unsecured notes until 2020. So we have ample flexibility, and between sales and operating cash flow, I think we'll just kind of manage around the balance sheet that way.    We try to keep net debt-to-EBITDA south of 6 and...    Yes, I mean, net debt-to-EBITDA came down under 6 last quarter. Obviously, we're running it on a quarterly basis, so it's down even a little bit lower this quarter. We're trying to keep that levered  that number below 6 and keep leverage probably just around 40%, plus or minus.    Is that 6x debt-to-EBITDA target still going to  is that still going to be target as you have even more industrial in your portfolio and less office and presumably, the industrial will have a lower cap rate?    Yes, I mean, I think we're looking at it. I mean, it's a balance, right? You're sitting here looking at both the leverage and the debt-to-EBITDA, trying to keep it in a range that we could be up or BBB type of credit. So just trying to strike that right balance to make sure we're preserving our credit rating.    There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for any additional or closing remarks.    Well, thanks, everybody, for listening in. We appreciate it, and talk to you next quarter. Thanks.    Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.
(Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citigroup.     Just want to start on Houston. How's it trending relative to your expectations so far this year? Do you still expect same-store revenue growth for Houston to be down about 4%?     Yes, we do, Nick. And I would say it's really right on top of our expectations. And that would be true of all of our other markets as well. There's not a nickel's worth of difference between where we ended up the first quarter and what our original guidance was. We did give specific guidance on Houston that we thought 2017 would sort of be the low water mark. We still think that that's most likely to be true. And we gave specific guidance of down 4% on revenues. And again, based on everything that we see and that we have seen in the first 4 months of the year, we think that's still the right place to be for Houston for 2017.     And then just in terms of same store revenue growth more broadly. I know you maintained guidance and it's before the peak leasing season, but are you maintaining the components as well that you expect 50 basis points, I guess, lower occupancy this year and about 65 basis point benefit from the bulk internet rollout?     That's correct.     So if you think about trying to get to the midpoint of guidance, it sounds like you need to see that rent growth throughout the year at about 2.7% or so. I think in the first quarter, you came slightly below that. Just given the amount of supply you're seeing delivered this year, can you give us some comfort in terms of reaching that midpoint and maintaining the rent growth that you saw in the first quarter?     If we thought we weren't going to hit the midpoint, we would have changed the guidance.     So we're in pretty good shape. I mean we don't  we do a full bottom-up reforecast market by market. So we're very detailed on how we approach this. We're fortunate to have a ton of people in these markets that have been doing this for our company for many, many years. And we get  take great comfort from that. So if you think about just kind of big picture, the deceleration in Houston in our model is basically being offset by the  or improvement in Washington, D.C. And if you kind of do the weighted average of the number of percentage concentration, D.C. versus Houston, the math for those 2 markets is basically a push with where we were last year. And then beyond that, you got a bunch of the other markets that we're still continuing to see really good growth in: Dallas and Denver and Tampa are growing extremely well and Atlanta. And you're  we're still seeing pretty good strength across the platform. And I guess I would go back to the original guidance that we gave on my letter grades, and I wouldn't change a single one of them. We gave at the time  we had 10 markets that we graded as stable. One as improving, which was Washington, D.C. And then the balance of them we had as declining. So I wouldn't change any of that. And with all that said, I think you  we still feel like we're in good shape to get to the midpoint of our guidance range for same-store NOI.     Our next question comes from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.     Just first want to touch on D.C. and it had a little bit of occupancy benefit this quarter. And was just wondering if we should view this quarter as revenue growth as a trend. Or would you expect that to moderate a bit given that occupancy benefit? And then just any additional color you could provide on pricing power in that market headed into the peak leasing season would be helpful.     Yes, we had a really good quarter, again in line with our plan. It's slightly better on NOI overall, but really in line with what we expected to see. The strength in occupancy has carried over, certainly carried over into April in D.C. We see great traffic. Our folks are more optimistic in their commentary about what's going on in their markets than they have been in 3 years in D.C. So that's all positive. 3.8% growth for the  in revenue for the quarter is certainly a good start. And I think that that's  you're likely to see that be part of the trend that carries out throughout 2017. Again, we had D.C. as our only market that I rated as improving. And it looks like that  look like we're in good shape to achieve that.     Great. And then just wanted to touch on Houston quickly. You guys outlined 25,000 to 30,000 jobs and 10,000 to 12,000 new units in that market. And you've compared it to a couple of years in the past, I think 2003 perhaps and 2010 maybe, where same-store revenue was down 4%. And I was just curious what the jobs to completions ratio looked like over those prior 2 periods that saw similar revenue growth decline, as what you're projecting in guidance?     Well, they were probably a lot worse. I don't have them in front of me but we had  because in those 2 prior periods, we had really significant job losses in Houston. And so it was a much different scenario than what we're dealing with today. The other thing is, is that the economy in Houston during those 2 previous periods was fundamentally weaker than anything that we've seen in this downturn. This downturn was almost exclusively limited to, from the standpoint of jobs, to the oil business. It didn't really ever spread over into other parts of the Houston economy. And so what feels like  if you happen to be  own apartments in Houston, it doesn't feel like a very good place to be. But absent that, the oil patch is in the process of a pretty robust recovery in terms of price of oil and drilling activity across all of the major and mid  major companies. So Houston, even though the apartment sector is weak, it's primarily a supply-induced weakness that once the market clears, and we expect that to happen sometime in  early in 2018 where you get this glut of apartments that finds  where residents find a home and market rents have to go through their adjustment to have that happen, which is already in the process of happening, the  Houston is really well poised for a recovery in economics which will immediately spillover into better support for rental rates. So it's different. I would say each of those, in terms of supply, it was similar but the jobs were worse. And the economy felt like throughout that  those 2 prior periods that we were in a recession. And I can tell you, it just doesn't feel like we're anything close to, and we're not in Houston in terms of an overall economic impact. But having said that, we got 2,200 apartments that we have to work our way through in terms of deliveries over the next 15 to 18 months.     Yes. Let me just add a couple of points to the Houston story a bit. So when you look at just the apartment side of the equation, obviously, and office probably is  office is much worse than apartments because leased apartments have  in apartments, we have great price elasticity. You lower the price and you can fill up your apartments because people need a place to live. And they don't need a place to work if you don't have a job  if you don't have jobs to  people to fill those jobs. But at the end of the day, Houston in the last 12 months added 63,000 new residents. 35,000 people came from abroad and 28,000 people came to Houston domestically. When you added that to the natural birth rate, it had a population increase in the last 12 months of 125,000 people. So you have this inertia of 6.8 million people living in this region. The starts  or actually completions are down 50% from 2016 to 2017. They'll be down 50% again from 2017 to 2018. At the same time, in the last 12 months, job numbers are somewhere around 30,000 jobs. And when you look at  they actually produced more jobs in the first quarter than anybody thought would happen. So  but at the end, you still have to get through this supply issue. But the good news is, is that it's very manageable when you start looking forward.     So fair to say that the big difference is just the level of concessions from new supply?     Absolutely. If you're in a competitive market from a lease up perspective in the energy patch and in the urban core, it's 3 months free. And the worst thing that a merchant builder can do is be the last one to get to 3 months free, right? And so  and that's pretty much a cap  they generally don't tend to go much more than that. But when you think about 3 months free and what it does, it's taken a $2.80 rent down to about $2 or $2.10 or something like that, which increases the ability of the customer to pay. And so what happens is, is that it's a boom for people who wanted to live in highrises and really great urban locations. And that consumer is doing really well right now. They've got some options and the prices are great. That doesn't  that 3 months free doesn't translate to the occupied market though. Because when you look at our down 4% in our projection, we're not 0 occupied like a merchant builder who just opens their doors and so they're willing to cut prices at that level. Also, a lot of the product was very high-end product, and that's where the biggest problem for rental is, is in that high end. Our suburban locations are doing much better than the urban locations. And that's kind of the A versus B or urban versus suburban kind of story, which is very typical in this kind of cycle.     Just to put some numbers around Ric's commentary on the  so 3 months free is 25% off rental decline for merchant builders, which is where the market  most of the market is right now. But again, they're trying to  they have a very different task. They're trying to get from very little occupancy to something that's stabilized. So in our portfolio, if we end up at  if we end up within our range, which we think we will at somewhere around 4% down revenues for the year, that's a mix of some 8s and 9s and some flats. We've got  believe it or not, we still have assets that had positive revenue growth in the first quarter. They weren't big, but they were slight positive numbers. So it's  they get down 25% on asking price from a number that was probably too high. We're down 9% on asking price on rents on a market clearing number. So I think that's kind of where it ends up. That's where it ended up in the last 2 down cycles. And we'll slug it out, and we think we can achieve what we've given guidance to in Houston and better days are ahead because Houston is a dynamic place, and it continues to attract people both domestically and internationally as well as the embedded growth of the population. So I think we just got to clear 22,000 apartments.     Our next question is from Jeff Pehl with Goldman Sachs.     I was just wondering if you can comment on the new versus renewal lease growth for 1Q in Houston, and then how it's trending in 2Q.     Yes. So for the first quarter in Houston, renewals would have been flat, new leases down 7% plus or minus. That carried over into April. I think that's  if you're projecting over the balance of the year, how do you get to something less than 4% down on revenues, it's probably going to be pretty close to that flat, trying to maintain flat on renewals. And overall leases come down maybe 6% or 7%, and we end up the year down 3.5%. So I think that's likely to be what we'll see for the next couple  for the next quarter for sure. And then as we get to the back half of the year, that may get a little better because we run into a little easier comps. Some of the concessions that  some of our  taking rents down have already occurred in the third and fourth quarters of last year, so the comps get a little bit easier. But that's  it's  directionally, I think that's where we're headed.     And I was just wondering if you could also comment on the negative revenue growth in Houston for the quarter. If you can maybe break that down between your midtown assets versus the assets maybe near the energy corridor and the suburbs.     Yes, sure. So our midtown assets urban core would have been down 8%, 8% to 9% on new leases, roughly flat on renewals. As you go out into the other markets, your new leases are trending flat to up 1%. So big spread between suburban assets and urban core for sure, but it's  we're in a part of the cycle right now where it's  our strategy to be diversified between urban assets and suburban assets is actually helping us quite a bit.     Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with Bank of America.     Kind of use that segue on the urban versus suburban, can you just talk about the split between your portfolio as a whole and the same-store rent trends you're seeing between those 2, and how supply looks looking forward between those 2 different segments of your portfolio?     Yes, the supply, I'll start with that because it's pretty straightforward. We have  I can't give you the number but I'm going to guess, order of magnitude of 3 to 4x as much supply coming in the urban core as we do in the suburban markets in the  across our platform. So it's, by and large, a  an urban core problem in terms of supply. This  you get out of the suburbs of a city  of a market like Houston, it's so large and spread out that unless somebody happens to be building right next door to you, you're just not going to have the kind of impact that you have when you have large aggregations that's being leased. In terms of the spread between suburban versus urban assets, suburban assets are outperforming by about 1.5% the urban assets. And that's across Camden's entire universe. So it's not just  that's not just Houston. That's again the supply challenges where we got new construction going on in other markets has been predominantly in the urban core. So it shows up in the spread, which is  by the way, it's been that way for the last 2 years in terms of that outperformance, 1.5% suburban versus urban. But if you go back 5 years, there were 3 straight years where the urban was outperforming the suburban. So it's just kind of where we are in the cycle.     And that 1.5% is same-store revenues?     Correct.     And then what's the overall split between urban, suburban, sorry, for the whole portfolio?     We'll get you the number. About 2/3, 1/3 suburban to urban, but we'll get you the exact number.     Okay. And then just on supply. How are you guys thinking about across portfolio '18 versus '17? And are you seeing any slippage on delivery time frames this year that could leak into '18?     The slippage on delivery times is in every market, in every sub market. There's not a single merchant builder that we talk to or other folks in the REIT world that have not all experienced some degree, and in some cases, pretty material delays. And we just don't have enough workers. We just don't have enough construction workers to get these jobs all done concurrently. So that is going to continue to be a challenge. I think that Ron  I know Ron Witten is one of our 2 data providers. And he has actually tried to incorporate the  a longer construction/lease-up period on his forecasting for multifamily completions. How well that's being captured, I think time will tell. But in our portfolio, if you look at the  across all of Camden's markets for 2017, again using Ron Witten's numbers, he's got a completion number across all markets at about 146,000 for this year. And he's got that dropping to 128,000 for his 2018 forecast. So 10% to 12% decline in total completions. Job growth that he has estimated in those, again, across our entire portfolio, he's got job growth in '17 of 569,000 across Camden markets. And he's got that ticking up to 579,000 in 2018. That number is roughly in equilibrium on the 2018 completions versus jobs number. 2017, we still had too many completions for the jobs. But I mean you got a really strong job number this morning, and so maybe that's the beginning of a trend. And we know for a fact that Camden's markets attract higher than the national average percentage when we get job growth.     Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.     Just continuing on that supply thing  the topic. At a recent conference, I was talking to a few private developers. And they were saying that some of the big merchant guys are talking down 35% to 50% reduction in starts. But Keith, it sounded like in the supply numbers, if I heard you say correctly, it didn't sound like 2018 was too different than 2017. So can you just give an update on what you guys are hearing from the merchant developers, and how you think the supply, which we all expect to decline but hasn't, how we should think about that coming in the next few years?     Sure. The anecdotal information we get from the largest merchant builders are all talking the same thing, which is that they're lowering the number of starts. And they're lowering their number of starts for a couple of reasons, one of which is the challenge in just getting bank financing given the market. And that's part of the issue, not only the stress in the finance  by getting construction loans, you get less of a construction loan and more expensive costs. So their total cost of capital has gone up, requires more equity or some mezz lending to bridge that gap. And so that's part of the issue. The other part of the issue is that because of the delays that they've had in finishing projects, they haven't been able to sell those projects. So you have a certain amount of  sort of cap. They're capped because they need to sell proper  projects to do new projects. So even though we haven't seen these numbers come down, it just feels like they've got to be coming down based on the discussions that we've been having with folks.     Alex, if you look at  completions are one thing, but when you're having conversations about  with the merchant builders about their future book of business, those guys are probably more likely thinking in terms of what they're going to be permitting. And if you look at the permits that are projected from 2017 to 2018, these are AXIOMetrics' numbers, it goes from 1 35 to 1 04. So was at 25%, almost 30% down in permits across Camden's entire platform, and that starts to get in the range of what you're hearing from the merchant builders that we talk to.     Okay, that's helpful. And then switching  going out to the West Coast. You guys announced a San Diego land purchase. It's been sort of a while since you hear much about San Diego. So can you just sort of give an update on that market? And then two, was that purchase just more because of where the yields are relative to where they may be, let's say, in L.A.? Or is there something that you're seeing in San Diego that makes you want to put some money to work there?     Well, we of course are in both those markets, and our development folks have been scouring the markets trying to get  figure out deals that work. And it's been a very difficult process. The projects that most of the merchant builders are doing out there, the yield starts with a 5, a very low 5. And that's a challenge for us. We just aren't going to go there. And so the San Diego deal was a unique opportunity to do an off market transaction with a seller of a property that was a little complicated structure. And so we were very happy to be able to do that. We think that those  both the L.A. and San Diego markets are doing real well for us. And we've done great in our Camden Glendale projects leasing them up and creating a lot of value there. So we really like the San Diego market and we really like the site because it was off market. Didn't have to compete with other developers for it, which was really good.     And versus that low 5 yield, how does this yield look?     Well, we think it's a either a high 5 or a low 6.     Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney.     Can you talk a little bit about South Florida and what you're seeing in that market, and how different is your performance between the various submarkets down there right now?     So overall, South Florida is on plan with where we thought it was  would be. We still have  you still got challenges with a lot of highrise product that's being built. And fortunately for us, the stuff that is being built, the pro forma rents that it's being brought to market at are $3 plus per square foot. We got a couple of highrises there that we're in the midst of repositioning that we think ultimately will be very competitive with the new product. But the bulk of our stuff in South Florida is garden, low rise and mid-rise product. It's just at a totally different price point than where most of the new supply is. So that's helped us to a certain extent. We think that  in my original guesstimates for the year, we had Miami as being stable. We had Fort Lauderdale as being stable. I still think that sounds right to me based on our first 4 months of operation. So I think we're reasonably well positioned to hit our plan this year in both those markets.     Okay. And then how about Atlanta? I mean is it  continue to be a strength for the multifamily guys that have been there? What are you seeing there? And any material differentiation between the various submarkets for you guys?     Our portfolio is very spread out in Atlanta, not unlike our Houston portfolio, just smaller. Great first quarter in Atlanta. Again, we had  it was  I believe it was our second or third highest rated market for 2017. I had it as B+ and stable. Still think that's right. We're still over 95% occupied and had a great first quarter. So I think Atlanta is  we did a little over 5% revenue growth in the quarter, and that's pretty on track with our plan. You've got  you do have some supply that's going to be an issue in Atlanta later this year in the Buckhead area. There's just a lot of stuff that's being brought to market right now. And so we're probably going to have to deal with some of the supply challenges in the Buckhead submarket. But again, we have a very good mix of Buckhead and then other suburban markets that ought to serve us very well in Atlanta.     Our next question comes from Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird.     A quick portfolio management question. You talked in the past about the bottom, call it 5% to 10% in your portfolio, being candidates for pruning in a given year. Does the amount of cash you have on the balance sheet change your thinking with regard to whether you sell those assets or maybe thinking about putting some update capital into them?     No. We clearly have cash on the balance sheet and we have the best balance sheet in multifamily land right now. And we're happy about that given where we are in the cycle. But we're going to continue to manage our portfolio over time. You probably  you won't  you're not going to see $1.2 billion of sales like we did last year just because it's  we think we kind of hit the market right at the perfect time to sell those older assets. But we will continue to play this trade, which is when you think about it, we  between  since 2011, we sold $2.1 billion of assets at roughly a little over a 5 AFFO yield. And when you think about that relative to what we've acquired and developed, we're  the negative spread between our acquisitions and our dispositions, given that we sold 20-plus-year-old assets with high CapEx, we've had a negative spread of 27 basis points on those trades. And I will tell you that in my business career, I've not seen that spread as tight as it is today. And so if we can continue to do that, we will. So when you think about acquisitions, we've only done  we did $2.1 billion of dispositions and only $643 million of acquisitions and none in the last 3 years. And the  mostly we put our money in development because you can get a much better spread in the development side of the equation. And so you don't have a negative spread there, you actually have a positive spread of probably 160, 170 basis points on that trade. So we will continue to prune the portfolio. We've gotten most of our sort of low-hanging fruit finished. But one of the things that I think is  that we've been sort of watching is these  when you think about the supply side and the amount of merchant builder product that has been developed over the last 2 or 3 years and the rise in construction costs that you've seen, what's happening now, we think, and what I think is going to happen going forward, is that development spreads or the profit for the developer has narrowed pretty dramatically. And we're going to be able to acquire properties potentially going forward at below replacement cost. And these  the merchant builders, in order to reload their portfolios, are going to have to sell some assets to do that. And we're already starting to see a little bit of that come to market. And I think that  so the idea of selling older properties and buying newer properties at a very small sort of negative spread, if you will, on old versus new is something we're going to continue to do.     That's helpful. And maybe that next tier up on your portfolio assets that aren't necessarily sale candidates that you do want on the portfolio, might we see a directional pickup in ROI CapEx type projects?     So we're  we have been repositioning assets pretty aggressively for the last 4 years. We've got another pool of assets that we're starting to reposition this year. It's not anything at the levels that it was 2 or 3 years ago, but we will continue to look for opportunities to put capital back into assets that makes  where it makes sense for us to view them as long term holds. I  my guess is that in our portfolio, as Ric mentioned, all the stuff that we wanted to sell, we sold last year. We exited Las Vegas, and then we sold  which was about $600 million. And then we sold another $600 million of assets across our entire platform. And they represented the assets that we did not see an upside  sufficient upside to reposition. And because of their age and CapEx requirements, they just needed to become someone else's  be in someone else's portfolio. So the stuff that we wanted to sell, we got real aggressive and sold it last year.     Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan with BTIG.     One question for me regarding Houston, and it's really your outlook for 2018. In the 4Q call, you characterized your kind of expectations for Houston for 2018 to be, perhaps, equilibrium, although there was, perhaps, some optimism that it could be stronger than that. In your comments here with 3 months on, I think your comment about job growth in Houston was it created more jobs than expected. And as we look at what's happening, everybody expected, of course, permits to collapse there but they've been very, very low here in the first quarter. So just to make sure we understand it correctly, are you incrementally more positive about that forecast you had for  I wouldn't say forecast, but for your sense for where Houston would be in 2018? Are you, perhaps, a little more optimistic about achieving, perhaps, equilibrium or equilibrium plus?     I think that the numbers that have come in, in the first quarter were definitely better than we expected. And starts are definitely falling off the edge of the earth. And I was very surprised by the in-migration numbers. Because generally speaking, people don't move to a market unless they think they can get a job. And it's very widely known across America that Houston has its issues with the energy business, yet we still had this great in-migration. And so I guess the real question will be for me  so yes, we are more positive about Houston because of the first quarter job numbers and in-migration numbers. But on the other hand, a quarter doesn't make the year and doesn't make the 22,000 units that need to be absorbed here, absorbed. So we're guardedly optimistic, probably a little bit more optimistic than we were going into the fourth quarter call. But we still have to see how it all plays out. Oil prices are down the last couple of days, even though most oil companies are adding jobs  a little bit of jobs back, not dramatically but  so I think that it could surprise people on the upside in '18. But on the other hand, we're going to wait and see, obviously.     I agree with that. I think the overall economy, as we  as I mentioned earlier, it just doesn't feel like there's this big  been this big dislocation in the economy in Houston. It's just  it's really kind of been contained to the oil and gas sector. And then has bled over into people who own apartments and people who own office buildings. But the rest of the working public and people who  men on the streets going about their daily routines in Houston, Texas seem to be  restaurants are full and traffic everywhere and it feels like it's crazy times in Houston. Not boom times but still very robust and healthy from an overall economic standpoint. I think that Ric's point about the in-migration, I mean that's potentially a game changer. You've got 60,000  63,000 people who showed up. Somehow or another, they're working their way into the economy, whether it's showing up in the stats aren't not. And they got to have a place to live. And then more than likely, they are going to  a fair  high percentage of them will end up renting something before they make a permanent decision to own anything in Houston. So I think that's probably the upside if we see that continue in  throughout '17 and into '18. You've probably got enough people sloshing around that are going to find their way into employment, need an apartment that ultimately, we get through the 20,000 plus or minus units by the end of this year or into  early in '18. And then I think there probably is some upside from there.     Our next question is from Tom Lesnick with Capital One.     So I  I'll limit my Houston question to just one. But I guess as you think about the cadence of year-over-year comps for same-store trending through the year, when should we expect  I mean I know you talked about 2017 being the bottom and potentially 2018 getting better. But as you look at it from a quarterly timing perspective, when should we expect the inflection point to occur per se? And I guess I say that in the context that you guys actually had a positive same-store NOI comp in Q4 of '16. So does that just set up an exceedingly hard comp optically for you guys this year?     Yes, I don't  we're not  I'm not picking inflection points in 2017 for Houston. But I saw  we were 3.3% for the quarter. We think that we're still going to be able to keep it under or down for the quarter. I think we still feel pretty good about keeping it  containing it at the 4% level. But giving readout on the  how that progresses, we'll just have to see. It's  there's a lot of volatility around what merchant builders are doing, where our direct comp set happens to be. When the merchant builders get close to a 90% number, 3 months free becomes 1 month free overnight. And it's  and then it's just  it's a different world. So as those people reach those  get to closer to stabilization, their behavior changes pretty dramatically. And that's good for the embedded base of our portfolio. But as far as reading out  I mean I think I wouldn't go any further than to say at this point, I still think down 4 in 2017 looks like the bottom to me.     One of the things I think is interesting is that you  people use this sort of jobs to completion ratio as a guide. But if you use the job to ratio as a guide in 2015 and '16, Houston had about 16,000 jobs. And during those 2 years, we absorbed 30,000 units  wait a minute, you had 15,000 jobs and we absorbed 30,000 units. The ratio didn't make any sense, obviously. And what was happening during that period is in 2014, Houston had over 100,000 jobs for the last 3 years straight in '12, '13, '14. So what's happening is you had this momentum in this large market that took up a lot of absorption in the marketplace. So the question on inflection is, is that  will that continue to happen with this in migration and with better-than-expected job growth? And anybody's guess as to when that's going to happen. It just will happen. We just don't know when.     Got it. And then regarding the expense side of the equation, obviously, you guys had some expense pressure both sequentially and year-over-year in your comps. And it did appear just limited to one market. I mean there were several markets that were kind of trending at above long-term levels. Could you maybe talk a little bit more about property tax, utilities, property insurance, and how you guys see that trending cadence-wise through the year?     Yes, absolutely. So on the property tax side, we think the full year is going to end up for us up 5.5%. That's what we thought a quarter ago. We still think that to be true today. Obviously, this was, on a sequential basis, was a very tough comp because we got quite a bit of property tax refunds in the fourth quarter of last year, particularly in Houston. When you look at the insurance side, and we talked about this on the last call, in the first quarter of 2016, we got in refunds of approximately $1.5 million. And so  and by the way, that insurance refunds were allocated across our entire portfolio. So that certainly negatively impacts the comparison on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Utilities for the most part are any increases there are being driven by the rollout of our tech package. And where we are today on our tech package, if you think about our 42,000 same-store units, we've got about 37,000 of them that have been rolled out. So you should start seeing the impact on the expense side declining as we go throughout the year.     Got it, that's very helpful. And then my last question, and I know this is a very small portion of the portfolio. For Corpus Christi, could you just remind us what's going on there? I think you said it's your  you have a low student housing asset. Kind of what was the genesis of that investment? And how do you see that asset long term in your portfolio?     Are you just asking specifically about the student housing asset? It doesn't  first of all, it doesn't show up in our same-store pool.     Oh, it doesn't? Okay.     No, it doesn't. We have 2 assets in our same store  3 assets  2 assets in same-store pool, 3 wholly-owned assets in  separate from Miramar, the student housing product. So student housing product is doing great, we're better than planned so far this year. So that's not any part of what's showing up in these numbers. The decline in Corpus Christi is primarily because of the hits in the oil patch that were definitely affected in the South Texas markets. And then in particular to an asset that we have there, Camden Breakers, we're in the process of doing a pretty major exterior renovation, and it's just messy. And it's just hard to drive the right kind of traffic and close at the percentages that we need. So small piece, but gets the attention it deserves. And I think it's a  some of it’s a market condition, but some of it right now is particular to that one asset. And when you have 2 assets in the same-store pool, it's going to be pretty volatile around quarter to quarter.     Our next question is from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.     Just can you give us your view on development costs inflation over the next few years? We're already hearing about lumber tariffs potentially happening. And if an infrastructure bill is implemented, what will that do for labor cost?     Yes, we're very concerned about labor cost and timber cost and lumber cost. The challenge you have is that when you think about any kind of infrastructure bill the government is talking about doing, and you look at, today, the print was a 4.4 unemployment rate, it's a tough deal. And we are not seeing any benefit from  and one of the things when you think about Houston, construction cost hasn't come down in Houston even though construction is falling for multifamily because it's being offset by public sector spending and hospital spending and petrochemical spending. And so I think there's going to be continued pressure  big pressure on labor shortages and on product shortages, especially if the government gets an infrastructure bill this year.     Okay. And then I want to go back to that comment about the Houston merchant builders getting to 90% lease-up and then backing off the concessions. Is there any particular development company or any particular  or project that is really compressing the market as a price setter. And once they get leased up, we might see a little relief?     I don't think so. I think it's across the board. Like I  like my tongue-in-cheek comment earlier that the worst thing for a merchant builder is to be the last guy to get to 3 months free. So they all immediately go there fast. And then the same thing happens once the market stabilizes. The  there's not one particular owner. It's a very dispersed group of merchant builders. You might have the (inaudible) of the world that have a lot of projects but they don't control the market, and there's not one group that really does that. It's a pretty broad competitive set.     And it's really submarket specific. If you've got 2 new lease-ups that are within the 1-mile radius of the property that you're trying to get leased up, then you're just going to be competitive until they get stabilized. But they do  they will run really hard for the exit and they'll kind of smash through the door at the same time. But the good news is, is that they run really hard for the exit.     And I think the other really good news is, is that price elasticity is great. The consumer in Houston, Texas is having a field day in lease ups. And a lot of the product that was built and we're talking highrises that never existed in a lot of submarkets here, and those highrises are as good or better than any for sale condo or product that you can see. So it's not that they're  that they open and all of a sudden, there are crickets. No one is walking in the door. There's tons of people walking in the door and they're leasing these up and the consumers are getting great deals on them. One of the only concerns I have is if you move in at 25% discount, how fast can they move that up for those customers, and whether those customers have to be moved out and new ones in to be able to get to those high levels? On the one hand, as an investor in Houston and as someone who understands the market, I kind of like that potential problem for those people because we could easily buy and upgrade some of our portfolio buying some of these assets of below replacement costs. And even with  because cost has gone up, and will continue to go up, the developer can actually sell their asset and get their money out, maybe with a slight profit, and still be able to acquire properties at below replacement cost, below what we could build on our existing sites. And that's an opportunity I think is really good.     Our next question is from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.     Sorry to keep it going, and you kind of just stole my question  one of my questions there, Ric, about what happens in Phase 2 of these 3 months  the concession situations and that same customer stays for the 25% rent increase. Maybe you can speak in terms of history. Is there going to be an uptick in turnover in the short term in Houston next year if all things kind of go as planned? Or how much does that delay the ultimate recovery in your estimation?     Well, I think it's all a function of what the economy's doing and what  and whether the job growth is there and this in-migration stays right? Because when you look at that in migration for example, 35,000 of the 63,000 people that moved to Houston the last 12 months are from abroad. And we find that the foreign folks are much more used to a, renting and b, are moving into a lot of these highrises as well. And so if that continues, the good news is there's  in a market that is as big as Houston, 22,000 units or 30,000 units is not a huge amount of inventory. So it really remains to be seen what happens with that. Clearly, if you had a recession that happened at the same time over the next couple of years, that wouldn't be good for a recovery in Houston. But if you just have a go along get along like we're doing now, it probably does fine. I do think that the psyche of that merchant builder today and the investors that have invested in these new projects here are  has definitely changed. And their view is that they're hoping, and with reasonable hope, to get their capital out with a small profit. And we've had people approach us, for example, to buy a lease ups here. And I'm  and their discussion is well, I'm not prepared to buy a lease-up here today. But the idea that the merchant builders are being more realistic in terms of what their pricing might be in the future, I think, is going to be a good thing for sure.     Okay. And then the second question is, and if this is a dumb one, blame it on the tequila. But if you look back at what you've done in Washington, D.C. and you've had some success with NoMa II, do you look back and say, gosh, I wish we had been maybe a bit more aggressive developing sooner to deliver into a better market? And if that is the case, how does that affect your strategy for development in Houston? Or is it because it's a supply-driven weight right now that maybe you'd be less inclined to add development projects early to deliver in a better market in Houston later?     I think that's a  that's definitely a calculus that we are looking at. The question is if you hold land, it gets more expensive every day. And if you think construction costs are not going down but going up, and you think that you might be able to deliver into a strong market in the future that doesn't have a lot of competition, that's a different  that's an analysis that we have to make. And it's one where that's  we're looking at that for sure. The question ultimately is can you get the math to work and then what's your  you have to have a view of the market obviously. And we've done well in D.C. And we  a lot of people pulled back from there or some of our competitors did, and we're glad we didn't.     Our next question is from Rich Hightower with Evercore.     I'll keep it short with just one here. Just curious in the context of a very low levered balance sheet, shares trading certainly below our estimate of NAV to a significant extent, just curious where share repurchases fit into the corporate finance matrix at this point for you guys.     Well, share repurchases have always been in our forte. We, during multiple cycles, have purchased shares. The real issue becomes the issue of volatility and can you get any kind of scale. I don't fundamentally believe, I don't think our team believes that nibbling at shares, let's just say, we think is below our NAV makes a lot of sense. If we can get size and we can sell assets for $1 on Main Street and buy the stock back at a discount on Wall Street. It's a rational trade to do, but it doesn't really do you any good unless you're going to do it in size. And the challenge that we've had over the years is that the stock has been very volatile. And we get to the point where we think it's really good value. All of a sudden, so does the market and they drive the stock price up and we can't buy it. So it's one of those kind of interesting academic questions. We  it makes perfect sense to do it. The question is, how do you execute it? And can you execute it where it really makes a difference?     Our next question is from John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.     Can you share the average stabilized yield on the 8 projects you have either in lease-up or under development right now?     Sure. Our stabilized yields on average, around 7%.     And that's on today's rents?     Yes.     Keith, you mentioned you reset your underwriting after each quarter passes. Can you share the occupancy, new lease and renewal growth expectations for the last 3 quarters of the year that get you to the 2.8% midpoint of revenue growth guidance?     So no, because that  so we go through a bottom-up reforecast of every community. And then we take those numbers. And we look at them and say, what is the progression? We can give you the progression on new leases and renewals that we've already done, which we have provided for you today. But as far as going out into quarter-by-quarter progressions, that's not something that we've ever done or prepared to do. But we're comfortable that we're going to get to the midpoint of our guidance on same-store.     Okay. With the comments on deliveries slipping to the back half of the year, is there any concern you're on track through the first 5 months of the year because deliveries have been light and they'll be back weighted?     No, I don't think so because we're  most of the stuff that is forecast to be delivered in 2017 is already  I mentioned earlier that Witten is  put some pretty good effort around trying to time  to account for the delay in these projects. Most of the inventory that we know here in Houston you  we have very good data on where they are from a construction completion standpoint and also lease ups. It's important that we, for all the reasons that Ric mentioned earlier, it's important that we know exactly what's going on, on all of this inventory that's out there, that at some point, needs to find a new home because it's  99.9% of it is merchant builder product. And ultimately, they're not prepared nor are they positioned to own these assets long term. So it's  we track them very closely. And I'm confident that the numbers that we're using for supply are good numbers.     This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ric Campo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks.     Well, I appreciate your time today and we will see you at the upcoming NAREIT meeting. So thanks. Take care.     The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
